You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 226
Citations: 330
Record-ID: Casado-Vara R., 2018, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V134, P393
Title: how BLOCKCHAIN_IMPROVES the SUPPLY_CHAIN: CASE_STUDY_ALIMENTARY
SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
CURRENT SUPPLY_CHAIN is a LINEAR_ECONOMY_MODEL that directly or
indirectly fulfills SUPPLY needs. but this MODEL has some disadvantages,
such as the relationships between the members of the SUPPLY_CHAIN or the
lack of information for the consumer about the origin of the products. in
this paper we propose a NEW_MODEL of SUPPLY_CHAIN via BLOCKCHAIN. this
NEW_MODEL enables the concept of CIRCULAR_ECONOMY and eliminates many of
the disadvantages of the CURRENT SUPPLY_CHAIN. in order to coordinate all
the transactions that take place in the SUPPLY_CHAIN a multi_agent SYSTEM
is created for this paper.  2018 the authors. published by ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 252
Citations: 154
Record-ID: Ghadimi P., 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V127, P588
Title: INTELLIGENT_SUSTAINABLE_SUPPLIER_SELECTION using MULTI_AGENT_TECHNOLOGY:
THEORY and application for INDUSTRY_4.0 SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
advancements in information and COMMUNICATION_SYSTEMS offer
IMMENSE_OPPORTUNITIES for SUPPLY_CHAIN intelligence and AUTONOMY
establishing stepping stones for INDUSTRY_4.0 SUPPLY_CHAINS (scs). as a
CRUCIAL_SC_DECISION, SUSTAINABLE_SUPPLIER_EVALUATION and
SELECTION_PROCESS have been addressed abundantly in the
PREVIOUS_LITERATURE. however, this PROCESS has not yet been realized
within INDUSTRY_4.0 scs where interconnection, real_time information
TRANSPARENCY, TECHNICAL_ASSISTANCE and DECENTRALIZATION of members of a
PHYSICAL_SYSTEM (I.e., SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS) are regarded as the
MAIN_DESIGN_PRINCIPLES. to narrow the identified gap, a multi_agent
systems (MASS) approach is proposed for addressing
SUSTAINABLE_SUPPLIER_EVALUATION and SELECTION_PROCESS to provide a
PROPER_COMMUNICATION_CHANNEL, structured INFORMATION_EXCHANGE and
VISIBILITY among SUPPLIERS and MANUFACTURERS. furthermore, the
application of MASS in this PROCESS and their NATURAL_APPLICABILITY as
one of the ENABLING_TECHNOLOGIES in moving towards INDUSTRY_4.0 scs are
investigated in detail. it is found that the proposed approach can help
decision_makers inside MANUFACTURING firms to make prompt decisions with
less HUMAN_INTERACTIONS. the merit of the developed MAS is demonstrated
through a real_world implementation on a MEDICAL_DEVICE_MANUFACTURER.
finally, the limitations and advantages of the proposed approach are
presented together with some remarks for FUTURE_WORK.  2018 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 332
Citations: 146
Record-ID: Giannakis M., 2016, J ENTERP INF MANAGE, V29, P706
Title: a MULTI_AGENT based SYSTEM with BIG_DATA_PROCESSING for enhanced
SUPPLY_CHAIN AGILITY
Abstract:
```
purpose: DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEMS are becoming an INDISPENSABLE_TOOL for
managing complex SUPPLY_CHAINS. the purpose of this paper is to develop a
multi_agent_based SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM that incorporates
BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS that can exert AUTONOMOUS_CORRECTIVE_CONTROL_ACTIONS.
the effects of the SYSTEM on SUPPLY_CHAIN AGILITY are explored.
DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/approach: for the DEVELOPMENT of the ARCHITECTURE of
the SYSTEM, a SEQUENTIAL_APPROACH is adopted. first three
FUNDAMENTAL_DIMENSIONS of SUPPLY_CHAIN AGILITY are identified
responsiveness, FLEXIBILITY and speed. then the ORGANISATIONAL_DESIGN of
the SYSTEM is developed. the roles for each of the AGENTS within the
framework are defined and the INTERACTIONS among these AGENTS are
modelled. findings: APPLICATIONS of the MODEL are discussed, to show how
the proposed MODEL can potentially provide enhanced levels in each of the
dimensions of SUPPLY_CHAIN AGILITY. RESEARCH limitations/implications:
the STUDY_SHOWS how the multi_agent systems can assist to overcome the
trade_off between SUPPLY_CHAIN AGILITY and COMPLEXITY of global
SUPPLY_CHAINS. it also opens up a NEW_RESEARCH_AGENDA for incorporation
of BIG_DATA and SEMANTIC_WEB_APPLICATIONS for the DESIGN of SUPPLY_CHAIN
INFORMATION_SYSTEMS. PRACTICAL_IMPLICATIONS: the proposed
INFORMATION_SYSTEM provides integrated capabilities for PRODUCTION,
SUPPLY_CHAIN event and DISRUPTION_RISK_MANAGEMENT under a
COLLABORATIVE_BASIS. originality/value: a NOVEL_ASPECT in the DESIGN of
multi_agent systems is introduced for inter_organisational processes,
which INCORPORATES_SEMANTIC_WEB_INFORMATION and a BIG_DATA_ONTOLOGY in
the AGENT_SOCIETY.  2016,  EMERALD_GROUP publishing limited.
```

--

Record-No: 149
Citations: 96
Record-ID: Li M./2, 2020, ROB COMPUT INTEGR MANUF, V65
Title: BLOCKCHAIN enabled LOGISTICS_FINANCE EXECUTION_PLATFORM for CAPITAL
constrained E_COMMERCE_RETAIL
Abstract:
```
as one of the most prevailing RETAIL_CHANNELS, e_commerce has nowadays
facilitated RETAILERS to sell goods to CUSTOMERS_WORLDWIDE and
tremendously increased the SUPPLY_CHAIN_EFFICIENCY by removing most
INTERMEDIATE_LINKS. the broaden BUSINESS_SCOPE and accelerated
GOODS_CIRCULATION, nevertheless, have generally led to CAPITAL_SHORTAGES
for RETAILERS, especially small and MEDIUM_ENTERPRISES (SMES). given the
SMES_DIFFICULTY in acquiring CAPITAL from FINANCIAL_INSTITUTIONS such as
banks, LOGISTICS_FINANCE (lf) has emerged as an alternative, which is the
combination of LOGISTICS and FINANCIAL_SERVICE. however, the
FREQUENT_ORDER_FULFILLMENT and diversity of pledges in e_commerce hinder
SMES in meeting lf'S financing requirements. furthermore, the
CURRENT_LF_RELIES more on large and reputable third_party LOGISTICS
(3pls) to alleviate financing RISKS, which in TURN_RAISES the
ENTRY_THRESHOLD for other 3pls. hence, this paper has proposed a
blockchain_enabled LOGISTICS_FINANCE EXECUTION_PLATFORM (bclfep) as an
integrated solution to FACILITATE_LF for e_commerce retail. a
cross_layered ARCHITECTURE is proposed to organize and manage involved
RESOURCES, workflows and decisions based on the object_oriented
METHODOLOGY (oom). a HYBRID_FINITE_STATE machine_based SMART_CONTRACT
(hfsm_sc) is designed to associate and coordinate with all kinds of
AGENTS for LF_OPERATIONS throughout ITS lifecycle. moreover, BLOCKCHAIN
is integrated with AGENT_TECHNOLOGY to construct a blockchain_enabled
multi_agent SYSTEM (bcmas), providing a trusted RUNTIME_ENVIRONMENT to
more autonomously and efficiently execute SMART_CONTRACT. finally, a
CASE_STUDY is conducted to implement bclfep_enabled
DYNAMIC_PLEDGE_MANAGEMENT for verification and EVALUATION.  2020
ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 202
Citations: 90
Record-ID: Hanga K.M., 2019, COMPUT SCI REV, V34
Title: MACHINE_LEARNING and MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS in oil and
GAS_INDUSTRY_APPLICATIONS: a SURVEY
Abstract:
```
the oil and GAS_INDUSTRY (ogi) has always been associated with challenges
and complexities. it involves many processes and STAKEHOLDERS, each
generating a HUGE_AMOUNT of data. due to the global and distributed
nature of the business, PROCESSING and managing this information is an
ARDUOUS_TASK. many issues such as orchestrating DIFFERENT_DATA_SOURCES,
owners and formats; verifying, validating and securing DATA_STREAMS as
they move along the COMPLEX_BUSINESS_PROCESS_PIPELINE; and getting
insights from data for improving BUSINESS_EFFICIENCY,
SCHEDULING_MAINTENANCE and preventing theft and fraud are to be
addressed. ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai), and MACHINE_LEARNING (ml) in
particular, have gained HUGE_ACCEPTANCE in many areas recently, including
the ogi, to help HUMANS_TACKLE SUCH_COMPLEX_TASKS. furthermore,
multi_agent systems (MAS) as a sub_field of distributed AI_MEET the
requirement of DISTRIBUTED_SYSTEMS and have been utilised successfully in
a VAST_VARIETY of disciplines. several studies have explored the use of
ml and MAS to increase OPERATIONAL_EFFICIENCY, manage SUPPLY_CHAIN and
solve various production_ and maintenance_related tasks in the ogi.
however, ml has only been applied to isolated tasks, and while MAS have
yielded GOOD_PERFORMANCE in simulated environments, they have not gained
the expected popularity among oil and GAS_COMPANIES yet. further RESEARCH
in the fields is necessary to realise the potential of ml and MAS and
encourage their wider acceptance in the ogi. in particular, embedding ml
into MAS can bring many benefits for the FUTURE_DEVELOPMENT of the
INDUSTRY. this PAPER_AIMS to summarise the efforts to date of applying ml
and MAS to OGI_TASKS, identify POSSIBLE_REASONS for their low and
SLOW_UPTAKE and suggest ways to ensure a greater adoption of these
technologies in the ogi.  2019 ELSEVIER_INC.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 259
Citations: 69
Record-ID: Tong X., 2018, J OPER MANAGE, V63, P25
Title: MULTINATIONAL_ENTERPRISE_BUYERS_CHOICES for extending
CORPORATE_SOCIAL_RESPONSIBILITY_PRACTICES to SUPPLIERS in
EMERGING_COUNTRIES: a multi method study
Abstract:
```
when managing a global SUPPLY_CHAIN, one CRITICAL_CHALLENGE encountered
by MULTINATIONAL_ENTERPRISES (mnes) is the extension of
CORPORATE_SOCIAL_RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) practices to SUPPLIERS in
EMERGING_COUNTRIES. in this study, we use a multi_method approach to
explore 1) the nature of SUPPLIERS_CSR_HETEROGENEITY based on the
VARIOUS_COMPONENTS of CSR in EMERGING_COUNTRIES, and 2) the choices of
mnes for extending CSR to DIFFERENT_TYPES of SUPPLIERS in
DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENTS. we begin with a SURVEY of chinese
ORIGINAL_EQUIPMENT_MANUFACTURERS (oems) servicing mnes to examine how
these SUPPLIERS vary in CSR_IMPLEMENTATION based on
CLUSTER_ANALYSIS_RESULTS. to understand the choices made by MNE_BUYERS
for extending CSR to their OEM_SUPPLIERS, we conduct an agent_based
SIMULATION_STUDY considering the DYNAMICS of a SYSTEM with
MULTIPLE_AGENTS (I.e., MNE_BUYERS, OEM_SUPPLIERS, and the government).
the CLUSTER_ANALYSIS_RESULTS show that CSR_PRACTICES implemented by
CHINESE_OEMS_DIFFER significantly from one another and can be classified
into three clusters (I.e., leader, follower, and laggard). the
SIMULATION_RESULTS provide insights into how the ADAPTION_COSTS (e.g.,
UPGRADE_COST and COST saved by downgrading) and punitive (inspection with
POSSIBLE_PENALTIES) and supportive (subsidies) tactics adopted by the
government affect the choices made by MNE_BUYERS for extending
CSR_PRACTICES to SUPPLIERS in EMERGING_COUNTRIES. moreover, we
demonstrate when SUPPORTIVE_TACTICS are more effective than
PUNITIVE_TACTICS under varying conditions and extend the MODEL to
investigate the consequences of switching between these two types of
tactics in a SEQUENTIAL_SIMULATION.  2018 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 328
Citations: 64
Record-ID: Kuenzel R., 2016, AUTOM CONSTR, V71, P21
Title: smartsite: INTELLIGENT and AUTONOMOUS_ENVIRONMENTS, MACHINERY, and
processes to realize SMART_ROAD_CONSTRUCTION_PROJECTS
Abstract:
```
this ARTICLE presents an overview of the SMARTSITE_RESEARCH_PROJECT that
ADOPTS_MACHINE_LEARNING, DECISION_THEORY and distributed
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE to DESIGN and test a multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) for
ASPHALT_ROAD_CONSTRUCTION. smartsite puts MAJOR_EMPHASIS on sensing and
COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES that integrate real_time automated
INFORMATION_EXCHANGE in the SUPPLY_CHAIN of ROAD_CONSTRUCTION. as part of
the larger SMARTSITE_PROJECT, this ARTICLE_INTRODUCES a novel real_time
PATH_PLANNING SYSTEM for compactors and presents the results of several
SIMULATION and field REALISTIC_EXPERIMENTS conducted to evaluate the
SYSTEM in a SOPHISTICATED_SIMULATION and HARSH_CONSTRUCTION_ENVIRONMENT,
respectively. the SYSTEM operates based on belief_desire_intention (bdi)
SOFTWARE_AGENTS and real_time sensory INPUTS. the newly developed
integrated and information
RICH_PROCESS_BENEFITS_ASPHALT_COMPACTOR_OPERATORS, as they are now
capable to CONTROL their MACHINERY and react to changing environmental,
material_related and process_related disturbances or changes. this
improves the quality of the delivery and laying of ASPHALT_MATERIAL,
PREVENTS_COMPACTORS from over_compacting CERTAIN_ROAD_SEGMENTS, increases
the road'S pavement longevity during the OPERATIONAL_LIFE_CYCLE_PHASE;
refocuses the WORK_TASKS of the SITE_MANAGERS, and reduces the
CONSTRUCTION_BUDGET and SCHEDULE. the SYSTEM'S ability to maneuver an
ASPHALT_ROLLER during real_word OPERATION also makes it an IMPORTANT_STEP
towards a fully automated ASPHALT_COMPACTOR.  2016 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 270
Citations: 59
Record-ID: Taniguchi E., 2020, TRANSP RES PROCEDIA, V46, P3
Title: MODELLING CITY_LOGISTICS using RECENT_INNOVATIVE_TECHNOLOGIES
Abstract:
```
recently a range of NEW_INFORMATION based technologies have been
developed that create opportunities to implement more integrated and
DYNAMIC_CITY_LOGISTICS_SOLUTIONS. SENSOR_NETWORKS and DEMAND_MODELS can
assist in advancing understanding and the PREDICTION the NEGATIVE_IMPACTS
of FREIGHT on HUMAN_HEALTH that can be used in EVALUATION. advances in
autonomous and ELECTRIC_FREIGHT_VEHICLES have GOOD_POTENTIAL for
improving the EFFICIENCY and SUSTAINABILITY of URBAN_FREIGHT_SYSTEMS.
this paper presents an overview of how MODELS can be used to promote the
adoption of advanced technologies for enhancing CITY_LOGISTICS.  2020 the
authors. published by elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 120
Citations: 56
Record-ID: Protogerou A., 2021, EVOL SYST, V12, P19
Title: a GRAPH_NEURAL_NETWORK_METHOD for DISTRIBUTED_ANOMALY_DETECTION in IOT
Abstract:
```
RECENT_IOT_PROLIFERATION has undeniably affected the
WAY_ORGANIZATIONAL_ACTIVITIES and BUSINESS_PROCEDURES take place within
several IOT_DOMAINS such as SMART_MANUFACTURING, food SUPPLY_CHAIN,
INTELLIGENT_TRANSPORTATION_SYSTEMS, MEDICAL_CARE_INFRASTRUCTURES_ETC. the
number of the interconnected EDGE_DEVICES has dramatically increased,
creating a HUGE_VOLUME of transferred data susceptible to leakage,
modification or disruption, ultimately affecting the SECURITY_LEVEL,
ROBUSTNESS and qos of the attacked IOT_ECOSYSTEM. in an attempt to
prevent or MITIGATE_NETWORK_ABNORMALITIES while accommodating the
cohesiveness among the involved entities, MODELING their interrelations
and incorporating their structural, content and TEMPORAL_ATTRIBUTES,
graph_based anomaly DETECTION_SOLUTIONS have been repeatedly adopted. in
this ARTICLE we propose, a multi_agent SYSTEM, with each AGENT
implementing a GRAPH_NEURAL_NETWORK, in order to exploit the
COLLABORATIVE and COOPERATIVE_NATURE of INTELLIGENT_AGENTS for
ANOMALY_DETECTION. to this end, against the propagating nature of
cyber_attacks such as the distributed denial_of_service (ddos), we
propose a distributed DETECTION_SCHEME, which aims to monitor efficiently
the ENTIRE_NETWORK_INFRASTRUCTURE. to fulfill this task, we consider
employing monitors on ACTIVE_NETWORK_NODES such as IOT_DEVICES,
SDN_FORWARDERS, FOG_NODES, achieving localization of ANOMALY_DETECTION,
DISTRIBUTION of allocated RESOURCES such as the bandwidth and
POWER_CONSUMPTION and higher ACCURACY_RESULTS. in order to facilitate the
training, testing and EVALUATION_ACTIVITIES of the
GRAPH_NEURAL_NETWORK_ALGORITHM, we create simulated datasets of network
flows of various normal and ABNORMAL_DISTRIBUTIONS, out of which we
extract ESSENTIAL_STRUCTURAL and content features to be passed to
neighbouring AGENTS.  2020, springer_verlag gmbh GERMANY, part of
SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 413
Citations: 55
Record-ID: Hernández J.E., 2014, GROUP DECIS NEGOT, V23, P235
Title: COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING in multi tier SUPPLY_CHAINS supported by a
NEGOTIATION based mechanism and MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
EFFECTIVE_BUSINESS_PROCESS_COLLABORATION between COMPANIES operating in a
SUPPLY_CHAIN can bring about IMPORTANT_BENEFITS, but several
BARRIERS_NEED to be overcome. one IMPORTANT_OBSTACLE evidenced by
professionals is related to the information and
COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES used to support SUCH_COLLABORATION. although a
supplier and a manufacturer may be willing to establish a closer
relationship, a lack of easy_to_operate ENTERPRISE_APPLICATIONS can
thwart their COLLABORATIVE_AMBITIONS. SPECIFIC_TECHNOLOGIES are required
for each type of COLLABORATIVE_BUSINESS_PROCESS as GENERIC_APPLICATIONS
do not lend themselves to addressing COMPLEX_SITUATIONS. COMPLEXITY lies
in the need to consider COMMON_STANDARDS for information and
DECISION_EXCHANGES, and for designing and implementing the
RIGHT_INFORMATION and DECISION_FLOW among SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS to
SUPPORT_COLLABORATIVE_PROCESSES. this PAPER_FOCUSES on COLLABORATION of
DEMAND, PRODUCTION and REPLENISHMENT_PLANNING along a SUPPLY_CHAIN, and
proposes a multi_tier, negotiation_based mechanism supported by a
multi_agent SYSTEM. the RESEARCH_HYPOTHESIS is that improvements in the
service and PROFIT_LEVEL of SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS, and in the entire
SUPPLY_CHAIN, can be achieved by implementing this form of COLLABORATION.
the proposed COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING_MODEL was used to address a
REAL_AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION for the purpose of testing ITS
appropriateness and validating ITS PERFORMANCE.  2013 springer
science+business media dordrecht.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 375
Citations: 54
Record-ID: Kumari S., 2015, ROB COMPUT INTEGR MANUF, V36, P36
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_ARCHITECTURE for OUTSOURCING SMES MANUFACTURING
SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
abstract in the present, global and COMPETITIVE_MARKET customer'S demands
are very volatile. it is very difficult for small and
MEDIUM_SIZE_ENTERPRISES (SMES) to satisfy their customer with
QUALITY_PRODUCT in REASONABLE_PRICE. LARGE_FIRMS are spending HUGE_AMOUNT
of their budget in generating TECHNOLOGY_DEVELOPMENT. to cope with this
COMPETITIVE_MARKET, usually, SMES concentrate on their CORE_EXPERTISE and
outsource some non_core items or activities. the OUTSOURCING DECISION
(when, what, whom) is very crucial for small_scale industries. realizing
this scenario, in this ARTICLE, an automated self_adaptive multi_agent
SYSTEM has been proposed. the proposed SYSTEM will help SMES to take an
APPROPRIATE_DECISION to mitigate the UNCERTAINTY in SUPPLY_CHAIN. the
developed SYSTEM_EXPLOITS the "OUTSOURCING of OPERATIONS" feature by ITS
AGENTS to conclude the MANUFACTURING_PROCESSES faster and reduce the
IDLE_TIME of CERTAIN_MACHINES with less HUMAN_INTERVENTION. the
COMMUNICATION_PROTOCOL for AGENTS has been described to give an insight
of their COMMUNICATION. it was explained how VARIOUS_AGENTS like
OUTSOURCING, MATERIAL_PLANNING and SUPPLIER_SELECTION will come into
action at DIFFERENT_STAGES and take appropriate OUTSOURCING decisions.
therefore, this multi_agent ARCHITECTURE will facilitate SMALL_SCALE
MANUFACTURING_INDUSTRIES to execute their MANUFACTURING_PROCESSES and
COMPLEX_LOGISTICS_ISSUES efficiently. the execution of proposed
ARCHITECTURE has been described in the simulated CASE_STUDY.  2015
ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 394
Citations: 53
Record-ID: Yu F./1, 2018, J CLEAN PROD, V170, P880
Title: CARBON_FOOTPRINT based GREEN_SUPPLIER_SELECTION under DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENT
Abstract:
```
GREEN_SUPPLIER_SELECTION_PLAYS a VITAL_ROLE in the green
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. a CARBON_FOOTPRINT based
INCENTIVE_GREEN_SUPPLIER_SELECTION_MODEL, which can urge the participants
in the green SUPPLY_CHAIN to initiatively make GREENER_DECISIONS, is
proposed in this RESEARCH. both ECONOMIC_ATTRIBUTES (price, quantity, and
LEAD_TIME) and ENVIRONMENTAL_ATTRIBUTES (GREEN_FACTORS and
CARBON_DIOXIDE_EMISSIONS (co2)) are considered during the selection. the
GREEN_FACTORS of the selected SUPPLIERS and the ENVIRONMENTAL_INVESTMENT
are taken into account during the determinations of the GREEN_FACTORS.
the CO2_EMISSIONS from the TRANSPORTATION and PRODUCTION_PROCESSES are
considered. moreover, three MODELS are put forward to maximize the
TOTAL_PROFITS, maximize the GREEN_FACTORS, and minimize the
CO2_EMISSIONS. NUMERICAL_CALCULATIONS and comparisons are provided to
verify the feasibility and superiority of the proposed MODELS.  2017
ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 344
Citations: 48
Record-ID: Adeyeri M.K., 2015, IEOM INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG PROC
Title: INTEGRATION of AGENT_TECHNOLOGY into MANUFACTURING_ENTERPRISE: a REVIEW
and platform for INDUSTRY_4.0
Abstract:
```
AGENT_PARADIGM is a TECHNOLOGY recognized as POTENT_TOOL for the 21st
century MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM. researches are on_going in the APPLICATIONS
of AGENT_TECHNOLOGY to MANUFACTURING_ENTERPRISE,
PRODUCTION_PROCESS_PLANNING and SCHEDULING, SHOP_FLOOR_CONTROL, and to
RECONFIGURABLE_MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM as an IMPLEMENTATION_CASE_STUDY. the
ARTICLE presents the results of a REVIEW of published articles on AGENTS'
usage at MANUFACTURING ENTERPRISE_LEVEL for
RECONFIGURABLE_MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM between year 2003 and august, 2014 to
provide up to DATE_PICTURES of the TECHNOLOGICAL_FUNCTION of AGENTS and
MULTI_AGENTS within the RECONFIGURABLE conceptualized MANUFACTURING
circles. the paper is viewed from the angle of WIDE_COVERAGE, BROAD_SCOPE
of multi_agent techniques and a focus on REAL_WORLD_APPLICATIONS. the
outcomes include trends of AGENTS and multi_agents usage in MANUFACTURING
ENTERPRISE_RESOURCE_PLANNING, SUPPLY_CHAIN managements and the gaps yet
to be filled for consolidating FUTURE_PLANS on INDUSTRY_4.0 in
RECONFIGURABLE_MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM.  2015 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 306
Citations: 45
Record-ID: Ben Othman S., 2017, CONTROL ENG PRACT, V59, P27
Title: an AGENT based DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM for RESOURCES' SCHEDULING in
emergency SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
we propose a multi_agent_based ARCHITECTURE for the MANAGEMENT of
emergency SUPPLY_CHAINS (escs), in which each zone is controlled by an
AGENT. a DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM (DSS) states and solves, in a
distributed way, the SCHEDULING_PROBLEM for the delivery of RESOURCES
from the esc supplying zones to the esc crisis_affected areas. thanks to
the AGENTS_COOPERATION, the DSS provides a SCHEDULING_PLAN that
guarantees an EFFECTIVE_RESPONSE to emergencies. the approach is applied
to two REAL_CASES: the mali and the JAPAN_CRISIS. SIMULATIONS are based
on REAL_DATA that have been validated by a team of logisticians from
AIRBUS_DEFENSE and space.  2016 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 256
Citations: 44
Record-ID: Drakaki M., 2018, INT J DISASTER RISK REDUCT, V31, P576
Title: an INTELLIGENT MULTI_AGENT based DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM for
REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT siting
Abstract:
```
the REFUGEE_CRISIS resulted in a large influx of refugees in the
mediterranean since 2014. however, crises are inherently
COMPLEX_PHENOMENA, whereas the ULTIMATE_GOAL of all involved actors is to
provide HUMANITARIAN_AID to the affected populations. the required
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT and LOGISTICS_OPERATIONS are characterized by
COMPLEX_DECISION_MAKING_WHEREAS_COORDINATION between involved actors is
necessary for EFFECTIVE_AID_DELIVERY. therefore,
DISTRIBUTED_PROBLEM_SOLVING based on autonomous and interacting AGENT can
be used as a DECISION_SUPPORT_TOOL in this field. the purpose of this
paper is to address the solution of the
REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT_SITE_PLANNING_PROBLEM with an INTELLIGENT multi_agent
SYSTEM (MAS) MODELING method. in particular, INTELLIGENT_AGENTS use two
well_known multi_criteria decision_making methods (MCDM),
FUZZY_ANALYTICAL_HIERARCHY_PROCESS (fahp) and FUZZY
AXIOMATIC_DESIGN_APPROACH with RISK_FACTORS (rfad), to rank
ALTERNATIVE_SITES for REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT siting. up to authors'
KNOWLEDGE, this study is the first that UTILIZES_MAS and MCDM_APPROACHES
in a DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM for REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT_PLANNING in
literature. the proposed method has been applied to evaluate four
currently operating REFUGEE_ACCOMMODATION_SITES in greece. obtained
results have confirmed and reflected the CURRENT_SITUATION in these
CAMP_LOCATIONS.  2018 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 389
Citations: 39
Record-ID: Shukla N., 2016, INT J PROD RES, V54, P6984
Title: a FUZZY rough sets based MULTI_AGENT ANALYTICS_FRAMEWORK for dynamic
SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION
Abstract:
```
considering the need for more EFFECTIVE_DECISION_SUPPORT in the context
of DISTRIBUTED_MANUFACTURING, this paper develops an advanced
ANALYTICS_FRAMEWORK for configuring SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC) NETWORKS. the
proposed FRAMEWORK_UTILISES a distributed multi_agent SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE
to DEPLOY_FUZZY rough sets_based ALGORITHMS for KNOWLEDGE_ELICITATION and
representation. a set of HISTORICAL_SALES_DATA, including network
node_related information, is used together with the RELEVANT_DETAILS of
PRODUCT_FAMILIES to predict SC_CONFIGURATIONS capable of fulfilling
desired CUSTOMER_ORDERS. MULTIPLE_AGENTS such as DATA_RETRIEVAL_AGENT,
KNOWLEDGE_ACQUISITION_AGENT, KNOWLEDGE_REPRESENTATION_AGENT,
CONFIGURATION_PREDICTOR_AGENT, EVALUATOR_AGENT and dispatching AGENT are
used to help execute a BROAD_SPECTRUM of SC_CONFIGURATION_DECISIONS. the
proposed FRAMEWORK_CONSIDERS MULTIPLE_PRODUCT_VARIANTS and sourcing
options at each NETWORK_NODE, as well as MULTIPLE_PERFORMANCE_OBJECTIVES.
it also CAPTURES_DECISIONS that span the ENTIRE_SC simultaneously and, by
implication, represents MULTIPLE_NETWORK_LINKS. using an
INDUSTRY_TEST_CASE, the PAPER_DEMONSTRATES the effectiveness of the
proposed framework in terms of fulfilling CUSTOMER_ORDERS with lower
PRODUCTION and EMISSIONS_COSTS, compared to the results generated using
existing TOOLS.  2016 INFORMA_UK limited, trading as taylor &
FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 274
Citations: 36
Record-ID: Mezquita Y., 2020, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V1006, P89
Title: BLOCKCHAIN based ARCHITECTURE: a MAS_PROPOSAL for efficient agri food
SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
LOGISTICS_SERVICES involve a WIDE_RANGE of TRANSPORT_OPERATIONS between
DISTRIBUTORS and clients. currently, the LARGE_NUMBER of intermediaries
are a challenge for this sector, as it makes all the processes more
complicated. this paper proposes a SYSTEM that USES_SMART_CONTRACTS and
BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGY to remove intermediaries and SPEED_UP
LOGISTICS_ACTIVITIES. our MODEL combines SMART_CONTRACTS and a
multi_agent SYSTEM to improve the CURRENT_LOGISTICS_SYSTEM by increasing
ORGANIZATION, SECURITY, TRANSPARENCY and significantly improving
DISTRIBUTION_TIMES.  SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2020.
```

--

Record-No: 398
Citations: 35
Record-ID: Fu J., 2015, ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL, V44, P91
Title: an adaptive MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for COST_COLLABORATIVE_MANAGEMENT in
SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
an area that has received much RESEARCH_ATTENTION in RECENT_YEARS is the
DESIGN of self_adaptive multi_agent systems (MAS) for
COST_COLLABORATIVE_MANAGEMENT (ccm) of SUPPLY_CHAINS. we propose a
NEW_SYSTEM that integrates multi_agents, context_aware computing, and
context_aware reasoning to improve ccm in SUPPLY_CHAINS. the
MAIN_CONCLUSIONS of our study indicate that these concepts, methods, and
MECHANISMS such as context_aware computing and context_aware reasoning
can be used to create a framework for designing self_adaptive mas_ccm
systems, enhance the COORDINATION and INTERACTION of the SYSTEM with the
EXTERNAL_ENVIRONMENT, and strengthen the capability of the SYSTEM for
self_learning and self_adaptation. and we use a CASE_STUDY to confirm
that ENVIRONMENTAL_UNCERTAINTY can be automatically reduced to a win_win
mode demonstrating the self_adaptive property of the amas_ccm SYSTEM
through a context_aware DATABASE, and COLLABORATIVE_CAPABILITIES can
solve CURRENT_ADAPTABILITY and COST_CONTROL_OPTIMIZATION in
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS.  2015 ELSEVIER_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 211
Citations: 34
Record-ID: Hassannia R., 2019, SUSTAINABILITY, V11
Title: web based RECOMMENDATION_SYSTEM for SMART_TOURISM: MULTIAGENT_TECHNOLOGY
Abstract:
```
the purpose of the study is to DESIGN and develop a recommended SYSTEM
based on AGENT and WEB_TECHNOLOGIES, which utilizes a
HYBRID_RECOMMENDATION filtering for the SMART_TOURISM_INDUSTRY. a
HYBRID_RECOMMENDATION_SYSTEM based on AGENT_TECHNOLOGY is designed by
considering the ONLINE_COMMUNICATION with other sectors in the
TOURISM_INDUSTRY, such as the TOURISM SUPPLY_CHAIN, AGENCY_ETC. however,
ONLINE_COMMUNICATION between the sectors via AGENTS is designed and
developed based on the CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL. furthermore, the
DESIGN_SYSTEM is developed on the JAVA_AGENT_DEVELOPMENT_FRAMEWORK and
implemented as a WEB_APPLICATION. case study_based results considering
two scenarios involving 100 CUSTOMERS illustrated that the proposed
WEB_APPLICATION_IMPROVES the rate of the RECOMMENDATION for the
CUSTOMERS. in the first scenario without disturbances, this rate was
improved by 20% and the second scenario with disturbances yielded a 30%
rate of ACCEPTABLE_RECOMMENDATION. in addition, based on the second
scenario, REAL_TIME_DATA_COMMUNICATION on the SYSTEM occurred, thus the
proposed SYSTEM supported REAL_TIME_DATA_COMMUNICATION.  2019 by the
authors.
```

--

Record-No: 493
Citations: 33
Record-ID: Oborski P., 2014, INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL, V75, P1613
Title: developments in INTEGRATION of ADVANCED_MONITORING systems
Abstract:
```
MONITORING is an IMPORTANT_PART of MANUFACTURING PROCESS_CONTROL and
MANAGEMENT. it plays a CRUCIAL_ROLE in ensuring AGILITY in a
MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM, PROCESS_ROBUSTNESS, responsiveness to
CLIENT_DEMANDS, and achievement of a SUSTAINABLE_PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENT.
RECENT_DEVELOPMENTS in INFORMATION_SYSTEMS and COMPUTER_TECHNOLOGY allows
for the implementation of NEW_PHILOSOPHIES that integrate various
MONITORING APPLICATIONS into one COMPLEX_SYSTEM connected through
company_wide IT_SYSTEMS and with systems operating throughout the whole
SUPPLY_CHAIN. this PAPER_REVIEWS_DEVELOPMENTS in the area of
ADVANCED_MONITORING and INTEGRATION. RESEARCH on NEW_APPROACHES,
STANDARDS, developed SOLUTIONS, and COMPANY_APPLICATIONS are presented.
NEW_DIRECTIONS of RESEARCH and DEVELOPMENT in all areas of
ADVANCED_MONITORING and implementation of recent it SOLUTIONS are
discussed.  2014, the author(s).
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 462
Citations: 28
Record-ID: Sitek P., 2014, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V35, P1557
Title: a HYBRID MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH to the solving SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS
Abstract:
```
the paper presents a concept and application of a HYBRID multi_agent
approach to MODELING and OPTIMIZATION the SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS. two
environments (MATHEMATICAL_PROGRAMMING (mp) and CONSTRAINT_LOGIC
programming (clp)) and two types of AGENTS were integrated. this
INTEGRATION and HYBRIDIZATION, complemented with an
ADEQUATE_TRANSFORMATION of the problem, facilitates a
SIGNIFICANT_REDUCTION of the COMBINATORIAL_PROBLEM. the WHOLE_PROCESS
takes place at the IMPLEMENTATION_LAYER, which makes it possible to use
the structure of the problem being solved, IMPLEMENTATION_ENVIRONMENTS
and the very data. the strengths of mp and clp, in which constraints are
treated in a DIFFERENT_WAY and DIFFERENT_METHODS are implemented, were
combined to use the strengths of both. the proposed approach is
particularly important for the DECISION_MODELS with an OBJECTIVE_FUNCTION
and many DISCRETE_DECISION_VARIABLES added up in MULTIPLE_CONSTRAINTS.
the presented multi_agent approach will be compared with
CLASSICAL_MATHEMATICAL programming on the same DATA_SETS and MODELS. in
addition, the proposed approach will be used for MODELLING and
OPTIMIZATION of the HYBRID_MODEL, which has not only LINEAR_CONSTRAINTS
but also LOGICAL_CONSTRAINTS.  2014 the authors. published by elsevier
b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 350
Citations: 27
Record-ID: Long Q.-Q., 2016, KNOWL BASED SYST, V96, P84
Title: a multi methodological COLLABORATIVE_SIMULATION for INTER_ORGANIZATIONAL
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
inter_organizational COLLABORATIVE_SIMULATION requires covering the
KNOWLEDGE of AGENT, flow and PROCESS to qualifiedly represent the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK_OPERATION. this paper proposes a
multi_methodological COLLABORATIVE SIMULATION_FRAMEWORK for
inter_organizational SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS. this FRAMEWORK_INTEGRATES the
agent_based, flow_centric and process_oriented methodologies. this
FRAMEWORK_ESTABLISHES a COLLABORATIVE_KNOWLEDGE_REPRESENTATION_APPROACH
for SIMULATION_MODELING. in the approach, a multi_agent SYSTEM is adopted
to represent the inter_organizational structure of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK; the three flows of material, information and time
are enabled to represent the OPERATIONAL_MECHANISMS; and the processes
are used to represent the MICRO_BEHAVIORS of AGENTS. this
APPROACH_INTEGRATES the KNOWLEDGE of AGENT and PROCESS with that of flow
and solves the problems regarding the INTEGRATION of the agent_based,
flow_centric and process_oriented methodologies. to implement the
inter_organizational COLLABORATIVE_SIMULATION, a COLLABORATIVE_FRAMEWORK
is proposed. this FRAMEWORK_INTEGRATES MULTIPLE_SIMULATION_FORMALISMS,
such as TIME_SERIES_INCREMENTS, EVENT_SCHEDULING, POLICY_CONTROL,
PROCESS_INTERACTION and activity scanning; it promotes the unification of
the three DIFFERENT_METHODOLOGIES. a case of a five_level MANUFACTURING
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK is studied using the proposed framework. the
findings indicate that the proposed framework is particularly qualified
in the KNOWLEDGE_REPRESENTATION of a SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK and is
effective in implementing the inter_organizational
COLLABORATIVE_SIMULATION in a DECENTRALIZED manner; in addition, it is
well contributive to COLLABORATIVE_DECISION_MAKING through KPI_ANALYSIS.
2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 304
Citations: 26
Record-ID: Yu Y., 2017, INT J PROD RES, V55, P4341
Title: CLOUD_COMPUTING and ITS impact on SERVICE_LEVEL: a MULTI_AGENT
SIMULATION_MODEL
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAINS are increasingly becoming more complex, making
COLLABORATION progressively difficult to establish and maintain. it is
imperative to understand not only the consequences, but also the drivers
of effective and EFFICIENT_COLLABORATION. in this study, we attempt to
show how varying levels of COLLABORATION_IMPACT_SERVICE_LEVEL and how
CLOUD_COMPUTING fosters these levels of COLLABORATION. we introduce a
framework detailing how CLOUD_COMPUTING impacts three levels of
COLLABORATION: (1) INFORMATION_CENTRALISATION, (2)
VENDOR_MANAGED_INVENTORY and CONTINUOUS_REPLENISHMENT_PROGRAMMES and (3)
BUSINESS_INTELLIGENCE (bi) COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING, FORECASTING and
REPLENISHMENT. in addition, we use multi_agent_based SIMULATION to
analyse how each level of COLLABORATION (enhanced through
CLOUD_COMPUTING) IMPACTS_SERVICE_LEVEL as measured by FILL_RATE. obtained
results show that CLOUD_COMPUTING can enhance all three levels of
COLLABORATION. further, our results demonstrate that
BI_COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING, FORECASTING and REPLENISHMENT have
significantly greater SERVICE_LEVEL_BENEFITS in comparison to other
COLLABORATION_LEVELS.  2016 INFORMA_UK limited, trading as taylor &
FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 159
Citations: 26
Record-ID: Du J., 2020, INF SYST FRONT, V22, P1467
Title: an ONTOLOGY and MULTI_AGENT based DECISION_SUPPORT_FRAMEWORK for
PREFABRICATED_COMPONENT SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
due to industrialization and informatization of the
CONSTRUCTION_INDUSTRY, prefabricated CONSTRUCTION has attracted
WIDE_ATTENTION from both RESEARCH and PRACTITIONER_COMMUNITIES. in
prefabricated CONSTRUCTION, there are exacting requirements for
INFORMATION_SHARING. also, data in a PREFABRICATED_COMPONENT SUPPLY_CHAIN
tend to be dispersed in DESIGN, PRODUCTION, TRANSPORTATION and other
stages. in other words, SUCH_DATA are significantly multi_source
heterogeneous. without an EFFECTIVE_WAY of participating in SUPPLY_CHAIN
DYNAMIC_COLLABORATION, decision_making at VARIOUS_STAGES and
RESOURCE_ALLOCATION can be extremely challenging. this paper proposes a
DECISION_SUPPORT_FRAMEWORK for PREFABRICATED_COMPONENT SUPPLY_CHAIN based
on ONTOLOGY and multi_agent. the FRAMEWORK_COMPRISES the ONTOLOGY_LAYER
(I.e. provides DATA_SUPPORT for the MODEL), the AGENT_INTERACTION_LAYER
(I.e. serves as the COMMUNICATION_HUB to coordinate the DATA_TRANSMISSION
between modules), and the AGENT_SIMULATION_LAYER (I.e.
SIMULATES_INTERACTION_BEHAVIOR of participants, and
SUPPORTS_DECISION_MAKING). using the SHANGHAI_CHENXIANG_ROAD_STATION
COMPLEX_PROJECT as a CASE_STUDY, the PAPER_DEMONSTRATES the validity of
the proposed ONTOLOGY and multi_agent based DECISION_SUPPORT_FRAMEWORK.
2019, springer science+business media, llc, part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 498
Citations: 26
Record-ID: Musa A., 2014, EXPERT SYS APPL, V41, P137
Title: embedded devices for SUPPLY_CHAIN APPLICATIONS: towards
HARDWARE_INTEGRATION of DISPARATE_TECHNOLOGIES
Abstract:
```
the EMERGENCE of the RFID_TECHNOLOGY and ITS application to
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROCESSES has in particular led to the creation of
SUCH_STANDARDS as the epcglobal'S MODEL of SUPPLY_NETWORKS as a tool for
materializing intra_ and inter_enterprise VISIBILITY of RESOURCES and
products, COLLABORATION and INTEGRATION. among other CRITICAL_USES, RFID
has been deployed by SUPPLY_NETWORKS to improve ASSET_UTILIZATION,
effectively combat counterfeiting, and advance targeted product recalls.
however, new affordable and DEPLOYABLE_TECHNOLOGIES and microsensors have
recently appeared and keep maturing. this PAPER_DISCUSSES the needs and
the possibilities that exist for leveraging these technologies and
SENSORS with RFID to guarantee continuous and SEAMLESS_VISIBILITY of all
assets (fixed and MOBILE_RESOURCES and FIELD_PERSONNEL) of
SMART_ENTERPRISES, thereby expanding and complementing the roles of RFID.
it examines the DESIGN challenges for the INTEGRATION of these
technologies for advanced LOGISTICS_OPERATIONS at the level of
PRODUCT_CLASSES or their instances. it then outlines our DEVELOPMENT of
an embedded microsystem that combines RFID, gprs, gps and
ENVIRONMENTAL_SENSORS for APPLICATIONS in LOGISTICS. the prototyped
microsystem demonstrated the feasibility of the multi_sensor INTEGRATION
paradigm that the paper proposes.  2013 published by ELSEVIER_LTD. all
rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 291
Citations: 25
Record-ID: Skobelev P.O., 2018, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V10978 LNAI, P12
Title: towards AUTONOMOUS_AI_SYSTEMS for RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT: APPLICATIONS in
INDUSTRY and lessons learned
Abstract:
```
COMPLEXITY of MODERN_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT is analyzed and related with a
number of DECISION_MAKERS, HIGH_VARIETY of INDIVIDUAL_CRITERIA,
preferences and constraints, interdependency of all OPERATIONS, etc. the
overview of existing methods and TOOLS of ENTERPRISE_RESOURCE_PLANNING is
given and KEY_REQUIREMENTS for RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT are specified. the
concept of autonomous ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai) systems for
ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT based on multi_agent TECHNOLOGY is
discussed. multi_agent MODEL of VIRTUAL_MARKET and method for solving
CONFLICTS and finding CONSENSUS for ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT are
presented. FUNCTIONALITY and ARCHITECTURE of AUTONOMOUS_AI_SYSTEMS for
ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT and the approach for measuring
ADAPTIVE_INTELLIGENCE and AUTONOMY_LEVEL in these systems are considered.
results of delivery of AUTONOMOUS_AI_SOLUTIONS for managing TRUCKS and
factories, MOBILE_TEAMS, SUPPLY_CHAINS, AEROSPACE and railways are
presented. CONSIDERABLE_INCREASE of ENTERPRISE_RESOURCES_EFFICIENCY is
shown. lessons learned from INDUSTRY_APPLICATIONS are formulated and
FUTURE_DEVELOPMENTS of ai for solving extremely COMPLEX_PROBLEMS of
ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT are outlined.  2018, springer international
publishing ag, part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 273
Citations: 25
Record-ID: Julián V., 2019, APPL SCI, V9
Title: MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
with the CURRENT_ADVANCE of TECHNOLOGY, agent_based APPLICATIONS are
becoming a standard in a GREAT_VARIETY of domains such as e_commerce,
LOGISTICS, SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT, telecommunications, healthcare, and
MANUFACTURING. another reason for the WIDESPREAD_INTEREST in multi_agent
systems is that these systems are seen as a TECHNOLOGY and a tool that
helps in the analysis and DEVELOPMENT of NEW_MODELS and theories in
large_scale DISTRIBUTED_SYSTEMS or in human_centered systems. this last
aspect is currently of GREAT_INTEREST due to the need for democratization
in the use of TECHNOLOGY that allows people without TECHNICAL_PREPARATION
to interact with the devices in a simple and COHERENT_WAY. in this
SPECIAL_ISSUE, DIFFERENT_INTERESTING_APPROACHES that advance this
RESEARCH_DISCIPLINE have been selected and presented.  2019 by the
authors.
```

--

Record-No: 106
Citations: 23
Record-ID: Kong X.T.R., 2021, INT J PROD ECON, V233
Title: cyber PHYSICAL_SYSTEM enabled on DEMAND LOGISTICS trading
Abstract:
```
on_demand LOGISTICS platform has been developed rapidly to respond
increasingly customized demands. many platform_based ENTERPRISES are
facing difficulties in operating that resulting in
INEFFICIENT_RESOURCE_ALLOCATION, HIGH_COSTS and top_down centralized
decision_making PROCESS so that unsustainable on_demand delivery is an
existing challenge. such a PLATFORM_SERVICE SUPPLY_CHAIN is highly
influenced by fluctuating SUPPLY_AND_DEMAND. to solve this problem, this
PAPER_INTRODUCES an ONLINE_DOUBLE_AUCTION for on_demand
PICKUP_AND_DELIVERY in the METROPOLITAN_CITIES, allowing both shippers
and carriers dynamically enter and EXIT_TRANSACTIONS. a multi_agent
ENVIRONMENT is created to automate the real_time auctioning through
cyber_physical_system technologies. the proposed METHOD_AIMS at
maximizing the SOCIAL_WELFARE and minimizing TRADE_FAILURES in the face
of UNCERTAINTY of FUTURE_AGENT_TYPES or the information of further bids
and asks. the approach is extending the well_known mcafee'S single_unit
method, to allocate multi_unit on_demand LOGISTICS_TASKS using public,
private, robot_enabled DELIVERY_CAPACITIES. it is observed that truthful
bidding is a DOMINANT_STRATEGY for each AGENT under this mechanism while
realizing BUDGET_BALANCE and INDIVIDUAL_RATIONALITY. the results show
that the designed AUCTION is more suitable to employ if supply_demand
unbalance exists, compared with the fixed PRICING mechanism. it suggests
using more CROWDSOURCING RESOURCES rather than PRIVATE_CARRIERS to
improve TRANSACTION_EFFICIENCY and TRANSPORTATION_SUSTAINABILITY.  2020
elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 309
Citations: 22
Record-ID: Khayyat M., 2016, TRANSP RES PROCEDIA, V12, P325
Title: an INTELLIGENT MULTI_AGENT based MODEL for
COLLABORATIVE_LOGISTICS_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
in RECENT_YEARS, there has been a STEADY_GROWTH in the use of
INFORMATION_SYSTEMS in the LOGISTICS_DOMAIN towards facilitating an
AGILE_DISTRIBUTION_PROCESS. this STUDY_INVESTIGATES the problem of
COLLABORATION_PLANNING in LOGISTICS and proposes an agent_based approach
for better MANAGEMENT of COLLABORATIVE_LOGISTICS. based on the approach,
a DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM is designed that UTILIZES_RFID_TECHNOLOGY for
ensuring INVENTORY_ACCURACY. the proposed APPROACH_INVOLVES three steps.
in the first step, a CONCEPTUAL_AGENT based MODEL is designed. in the
second step, the GAME_THEORY_METHOD is utilized to intensively study and
ANALYZE_SUPPLIERS' COLLABORATION and carriers' COLLABORATION that
represent MAJOR_OBJECTIVES proposed in the preceding MODEL. finally,
correctness of the games is verified by formulating them mathematically.
developed OPTIMIZATION_EQUATIONS are fundamental to the
OPERATION_RESEARCH_FIELD. they employ the simplex and GOAL_ALGORITHMS of
LINEAR_PROGRAMMING.  2016 published by elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 487
Citations: 22
Record-ID: Hernández J.E., 2014, PROD PLANN CONTROL, V25, P662
Title: supporting the COLLABORATIVE_DECISION_MAKING PROCESS in an automotive
SUPPLY_CHAIN with a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
COLLABORATIVE_INITIATIVES such as COLLABORATIVE_DESIGN,
COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING and FORECASTING, and open COLLECTIVE_INNOVATION
are increasingly accepted as approaches that can effectively support
decision_making (dm) processes in a range of DIFFERENT_INDUSTRIES.
however, justifying and demonstrating the benefits of
COLLABORATIVE_SOLUTIONS remains a challenge and has been
under_researched. demonstrating the feasibility of implementing
COLLABORATIVE_SOLUTIONS as opposed to traditional, linear and
TRANSACTIONAL_SOLUTIONS is even less evident. the purpose of this paper
is to conceive a COLLABORATIVE_SOLUTION that supports the multi_level dm
PROCESS in a real, tree_based automotive SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT. the
hypothesis presented posits that by SHARING information collaboratively,
improvements in terms of the profit and SERVICE_LEVELS will be found
within the SUPPLY_CHAIN and at every SUPPLY_CHAIN_NODE.  2013  2013
taylor & francis.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 249
Citations: 20
Record-ID: Huang J., 2018, INT J PROD RES, V56, P2322
Title: OPTIMAL_INVENTORY_CONTROL with SEQUENTIAL_ONLINE_AUCTION in AGRICULTURE
SUPPLY_CHAIN: an AGENT based SIMULATION_OPTIMISATION_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
with the DEVELOPMENT of e_commerce, in AGRICULTURE SUPPLY_CHAIN,
ONLINE_AUCTION is adopted as an INVENTORY_CLEARING_TOOL. comparing to
MATHEMATICAL_MODELS studying INVENTORY_CONTROL over
ONLINE_SEQUENTIAL_AUCTIONS, our agent_based SIMULATION_MODEL could
systematically describe the complexities of
BIDDERS_INFORMATION_INTERACTIONS and BEHAVIOUR_PREFERENCES caused from
financial and PRODUCTION_PERSPECTIVES, and by other SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS.
in addition, we take into account the complex and
DYNAMIC_MARKET_ENVIRONMENT, which will impact the OPERATION_EFFECT of
AUCTION_POLICIES. with IDENTICAL_AUCTION_ITEMS, the profit_maximising
firm must decide AUCTION lot_size, which is the number of units in each
AUCTION, minimum INITIAL_BID, and the TIME_INTERVAL between AUCTIONS. to
obtain the OPTIMAL_SOLUTION, nested PARTITIONS_FRAMEWORK and optimal
expected OPPORTUNITY_COST_ALGORITHM are integrated to improve
COMPUTATION_ACCURACY and EFFICIENCY. a CASE_STUDY based on REAL_DATA is
conducted to implement and validate the proposed approach. furthermore,
based on the MODEL, the PAPER_STUDIES the sensitivities of the
DECISION_VARIABLES under different SUPPLY and DEMAND_SCENARIOS.  2017
INFORMA_UK limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 165
Citations: 19
Record-ID: Latsou C., 2021, IFACPAPERSONLINE, V54, P811
Title: DIGITAL_TWIN_INTEGRATION in MULTI_AGENT cyber physical
MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
COMPLEX_MANUFACTURING and SUPPLY_CHAIN systems consist of concurrent
labour_intensive PROCESSES_AND_PROCEDURES with repetitive time_consuming
tasks and MULTIPLE_QUALITY_CHECKS. these features may pose challenges for
the EFFICIENT_OPERATION and MANAGEMENT, while MANUAL_TASKS may
significantly INCREASE_HUMAN_ERRORS or near misses, having impact on the
propagation of effects and PARALLEL_INTERACTIONS within these systems. in
order to handle the aforementioned challenges, a DIGITAL_TWIN (dt)
integrated in a multi_agent cyber_physical MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM (cpms)
with the help of RFID_TECHNOLOGY is proposed. the proposed
REFERENCE_ARCHITECTURE_TENDS to improve the trackability and TRACEABILITY
of COMPLEX_MANUFACTURING processes. in this RESEARCH_WORK, the
INTERACTIONS occurring both within a single COMPLEX_MANUFACTURING SYSTEM
and between MULTIPLE_SITES within a SUPPLY_CHAIN are considered. for the
implementation of the integrated dt_cpms, a SIMULATION_MODEL employing
the agent_based MODELLING TECHNIQUE is developed. a CASE_STUDY from a
cryogenic SUPPLY_CHAIN in the uk is also selected to show the application
and validity of the proposed DIGITAL_SOLUTION. the results prove that the
dt_cpms ARCHITECTURE can improve SYSTEM'S PERFORMANCE in terms of HUMAN,
EQUIPMENT and SPACE_UTILISATIONS.  2021 the authors. this is an
OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE under the cc by_nc_nd license
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0)
```

--

Record-No: 263
Citations: 18
Record-ID: Bemthuis R.H., 2019, PROC IEE INT ENTERPRISE DISTRIB OBJ COMPUT WORKSHOP
EDOCW, V2019-October, P54
Title: an AGENT based PROCESS_MINING ARCHITECTURE for EMERGENT_BEHAVIOR_ANALYSIS
Abstract:
```
INFORMATION_SYSTEMS leave a TRACEABLE_DIGITAL_FOOTPRINT_WHENEVER an
action is executed. BUSINESS_PROCESS_MODELERS capture these
DIGITAL_TRACES to understand the behavior of a SYSTEM, and to extract
actual run_time MODELS of those BUSINESS_PROCESSES. despite the
omnipresence of SUCH_TRACES, most organizations face
SUBSTANTIAL_DIFFERENCES between the PROCESS_SPECIFICATIONS and the actual
run_time behavior. analyzing and implementing the results of systems that
MODEL_BUSINESS_PROCESSES tend, however, to be difficult due to the
INHERENT_COMPLEXITY of the MODELS. moreover, the observed reality in the
form of lower_level real_time events, as recorded in EVENT_LOGS, is
seldom solely explainable by higher_level PROCESS MODELS. in this paper,
we propose an ARCHITECTURE to MODEL system_wide behavior by combining
PROCESS_MINING with a multi_agent SYSTEM. DIGITAL_TRACES, in the form of
EVENT_LOGS, are used to iteratively MINE_PROCESS_MODELS from which AGENTS
can learn. the approach is initially applied to a CASE_STUDY of a
simplified job_shop factory in which automated guided VEHICLES (agvs)
carry out TRANSPORTATION_TASKS. NUMERICAL_EXPERIMENTS show that the
WORKFLOW of a PROCESS_MINING MODEL can be used to enhance the agent_based
SYSTEM, particularly, in analyzing bottlenecks and improving
decision_making.  2019 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 286
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Cannella S., 2019, INT J PROD RES, V57, P985
Title: an EXPLORATORY_STUDY of RISK_AVERSION in SUPPLY_CHAIN DYNAMICS via
HUMAN_EXPERIMENT and AGENT_BASED_SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
the literature on the impact of RISK_AVERSION on SUPPLY_CHAINS (scs) is
relatively limited and, in particular, there is a dearth of THEORY and a
lack of EMPIRICAL_EVIDENCE concerning: (1) the impact of
INDIVIDUAL_RISK_AVERSION on the generation and DYNAMICS of the
ORDER_POLICY (e.g. ORDER_PATTERNS and INVENTORY holding COSTS); (2) the
impact of several combinations of risk_averse members in each stage of a
multi_echelon SC. we explore these gaps through a multi_method approach
(I.e. HUMAN_EXPERIMENTS and agent_based SIMULATION), thus using both
empirical and simulated data. specifically, based on results from a
HUMAN_EXPERIMENT, we develop the conjecture that RISK_AVERSION is
positively correlated to the desired STOCK_LEVEL and consequently to the
SAFETY_STOCK_FACTOR of INVENTORY_ORDER_POLICIES. building on this
finding, we perform a SIMULATION_STUDY to infer the impact of
INDIVIDUAL_RISK_AVERSION in a multi_echelon SC. results show that
ALTERNATIVE_COMPOSITIONS of the SC in terms of RISK_AVERSION_LEVELS of
the echelons significantly influence INVENTORY_HOLDINGS and SC_DYNAMICS.
the STUDY_IMPLIES that a company facing problems of high INVENTORY
days_on_hand should favour low_risk aversion MANAGERS, as instrumental to
lowering stock and improving net working CAPITAL.  2018,  2018 INFORMA_UK
limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 288
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Gorodetsky V.I., 2019, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V11710 LNAI, P52
Title: the framework for designing autonomous cyber physical MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
for ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
the PAPER_CONTRIBUTES to DESIGN of autonomous cyber_physical multi_agent
systems for ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT providing increase of EFFICIENCY
of business operating in uncertain and DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENT. evolution of
multi_agent systems from purely decision_making support and
SIMULATION_TOOL to cyber_physical SYSTEM including DIGITAL_TWINS and
fully AUTONOMOUS_SYSTEMS is analyzed. the MAIN_PAPER_CONTRIBUTION is the
proposed CONCEPTUAL_FRAMEWORK for designing autonomous cyber_physical
multi_agent systems for ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT. it is shown in the
paper that, in cyber_physical multi_agent systems for
ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT, the ontology_customized multi_agent engine
and ontology_based MODEL of ENTERPRISE are FORMING ontology_driven
DIGITAL_TWIN of the ENTERPRISE providing opportunity to combine
OPERATIONAL_SCHEDULING of RESOURCES with ongoing real_time SIMULATIONS
and evolutional re_design of CONFIGURATION of ENTERPRISE_RESOURCES. the
FUNCTIONALITY and ARCHITECTURE of the autonomous cyber_physical
multi_agent systems for ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT are developed to
support for the FULL_CYCLE of AUTONOMOUS_DECISION_MAKING on
RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT. TIME_METRICS for measuring event_based RESPONSE_TIME
and level of ADAPTABILITY of autonomous cyber_physical multi_agent
systems for ADAPTIVE_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT are proposed. results of
developments can be applied for SMART_TRANSPORT and SMART_MANUFACTURING,
SMART_AGRICULTURE, SMART_LOGISTICS, smart SUPPLY_CHAINS, etc.  2019,
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 257
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Yildirim C., 2018, J SERVICE THEORY AND PRACTICE, V28, P274
Title: the DOER_EFFECT of failure and RECOVERY in MULTI_AGENT cases: service
SUPPLY_CHAIN perspective
Abstract:
```
purpose: the purpose of this paper is to explore the DOER_EFFECT of
SERVICE_FAILURE (sf), good prior experience (gpe) and RECOVERY on
OVERALL_CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION and REPURCHASE_INTENTIONS for multi_agents
in TOURISM_SERVICE SUPPLY_CHAIN (tssc). it specifically focuses on
internal and EXTERNAL_FAILURE and RECOVERY. DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/approach:
the study employs a 223 between_subjects EXPERIMENTAL_DESIGN with 12
DIVERSE_SCENARIOS. it aims to examine the main effects of gpe and the
INTERACTION effects of sf and RECOVERY on OVERALL_CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION
and REPURCHASE_INTENTIONS. findings: the MAIN_FINDINGS show that
consumers do not show FAVORABLE_BEHAVIORAL_OUTCOMES when they have gpe
with an affiliated party. results of the EXPERIMENTS demonstrate that for
hotels, there is no INTERACTION_EFFECT between failure and RECOVERY
regarding OVERALL_CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION and REPURCHASE_INTENTIONS;
however, for TRAVEL_AGENCIES, an INTERACTION_EFFECT has been found. this
indicates that an INTERNAL_FAILURE (by TRAVEL_AGENCY) should be recovered
internally to increase the BEHAVIORAL_OUTCOMES for TRAVEL_AGENCY.
however, if there is an EXTERNAL_FAILURE (by hotel) then the
ESSENTIAL_THING is providing a RECOVERY. originality/value: although the
SERVICE_LITERATURE covers failure and RECOVERY in DIVERSE_CONTEXTS, these
concepts are rarely studied from a multi_agent perspective in the service
SUPPLY_CHAIN_LITERATURE. in such a CHAIN, a failure by a DIFFERENT_PARTY
may remain unresolved, and this may create a POSITIVE_EFFECT on another
party, if they provide RECOVERY for the failure. this means that the doer
of the failure and/or RECOVERY (the party responsible from the failure
and/or RECOVERY) may have an impact on BEHAVIORAL_OUTCOMES. however,
PREVIOUS_LITERATURE has neglected to focus on the IMPORTANT_ISSUE of
which entity/party performs the failure and/or RECOVERY, and the effect
on BEHAVIORAL_OUTCOMES. by focusing on a principal_agent relationship in
a tssc, the STUDY_AIMS to address this RESEARCH_GAP.  2018, emerald
publishing limited.
```

--

Record-No: 154
Citations: 14
Record-ID: Nishi T./1, 2020, INT J AUTOM TECHNOL, V14, P713
Title: AUTOMATIC_CONSTRUCTION of virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN as MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
using ENTERPRISE_E_CATALOGUES
Abstract:
```
in INDUSTRY_4.0, a network of ENTERPRISES and facto_ries is constructed
collaboratively and dynamically according to the cyber PHYSICAL_SYSTEM
(cps) paradigm. it is necessary to build smart SUPPLY_CHAINS according to
this concept. a network of COMPONENT_ENTERPRISES in a SUPPLY_CHAIN would
be modeled as a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN in the CYBER_WORLD. from the
viewpoint of INDUSTRY_4.0, virtualizing a SUPPLY_CHAIN is the foundation
for constructing a cps for a SUPPLY_CHAIN. the virtualization of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN makes it easier for COMPANIES to study their integrating and
expanding opportunities. by using this cps, comprehensive and
AUTONOMOUS_OPTIMIZATION of the SUPPLY_CHAIN can be achieved. this virtual
SUPPLY_CHAIN can be used to sim_ulate the PLANNING_PHASE with
NEGOTIATION, as well as the PRODUCTION_PHASE. in this paper, instead of
SPECIFIC_MATHEMATICAL MODELING for each SUPPLY_CHAIN, a gen_eral
CONFIGURATION_METHOD of a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN is proposed. the
CONFIGURATION_METHOD of a SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL is proposed as a virtual
SUPPLY_CHAIN using ENTERPRISE e_catalogues. a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN is
constructed as a multi_agent SYSTEM, which is connections of
SOFTWARE_AGENTS that are automatically created from each selected
ENTERPRISE_MODEL in the e_catalogues. three types of
COMPONENT_ENTERPRISE_MODELS are pro_vided: MANUFACTURER_MODEL,
part/material SUPPLIER_MODEL, and RETAILER_MODEL. MODELING templates for
these three types of ENTERPRISES are prepared, and each template is a
NOMINAL_MODEL in terms of ENTERPRISES_BEHAVIOR. specific
component_enterprise MODELS are prepared by filling the
APPROPRIATE_TEMPLATE. each COMPONENT_ENTERPRISE_AGENT is implemented
using the ENTERPRISE_MODEL selected from the catalogues. manu_facturer,
RETAILER, and supplier e_catalogues, as well as an
AUTOMATIC_CONSTRUCTION_SYSTEM of a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN, are implemented.
methods for developing templates for the manufacturer, RETAILER and
supplier were provided, and the CONSTRUCTION_SYSTEM for
SPECIFIC_ENTERPRISE_MODELS (as e_catalogues) is implemented as a trial.
2020, FUJI_TECHNOLOGY_PRESS. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 320
Citations: 14
Record-ID: Hogenboom A., 2015, DECIS SCI, V46, P791
Title: adaptive TACTICAL_PRICING in MULTI_AGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN markets using
ECONOMIC_REGIMES
Abstract:
```
in today'S complex and dynamic SUPPLY_CHAIN markets, INFORMATION_SYSTEMS
are essential for effective SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT.
COMPLEX_DECISION_MAKING_PROCESSES on strategic, tactical, and
OPERATIONAL_LEVELS require SUBSTANTIAL_TIMELY_SUPPORT in order to
contribute to organizations' AGILITY. consequently, there is a need for
SOPHISTICATED_DYNAMIC_PRODUCT PRICING MECHANISMS that can adapt quickly
to changing MARKET_CONDITIONS and competitors' strategies. we propose a
two_layered MACHINE_LEARNING_APPROACH to compute
TACTICAL_PRICING_DECISIONS in REAL_TIME. the first LAYER_ESTIMATES
prevailing economic conditions_economic regimes_identifying and
predicting CURRENT and FUTURE_MARKET_CONDITIONS. in the second layer, we
train a NEURAL_NETWORK for each regime to ESTIMATE_PRICE_DISTRIBUTIONS in
REAL_TIME using AVAILABLE_INFORMATION. the NEURAL_NETWORKS_COMPUTE offer
ACCEPTANCE_PROBABILITIES from a TACTICAL_PERSPECTIVE to meet desired
SALES_QUOTAS. we validate our approach in the trading AGENT_COMPETITION
for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. when competing against the world'S leading
AGENTS, the PERFORMANCE of our SYSTEM significantly improves compared to
using only ECONOMIC_REGIMES to predict prices. PROFITS_INCREASE
significantly even though the prices and SALES_VOLUME do not change
significantly. instead, TACTICAL_PRICING_RESULTS in a more
EFFICIENT_SALES_STRATEGY by reducing both FINISHED_GOODS and
COMPONENTS_INVENTORY_COSTS.  2015 DECISION_SCIENCES_INSTITUTE.
```

--

Record-No: 351
Citations: 14
Record-ID: Teo J.S.E., 2015, TRANSP RES REC, V2478, P35
Title: EVALUATION of URBAN_DISTRIBUTION_CENTERS using MULTIAGENT_MODELING with
GEOGRAPHIC_INFORMATION_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
CURRENT_BARRIERS to maintaining economies of scale for delivery include
far distances of the depots from CUSTOMERS, ROAD_USAGE_RESTRICTIONS,
CUSTOMERS' DELIVERY_REQUESTS, and social, environmental, and
ECONOMIC_COSTS. in many developed and DEVELOPING_COUNTRIES, the effects
of urbanization have increased CITY_POPULATION. SUCH_MIGRATION to cities
is also attracting more movement of commodities into the CITY_CENTER.
this RESEARCH aimed to study the effectiveness and VIABILITY of
URBAN_DISTRIBUTION_CENTERS from a TACTICAL_VIEWPOINT of PLANNING for
CITY_LOGISTICS. a MULTIAGENT_MODELING approach with
GEOGRAPHICAL_INFORMATION_SYSTEM_SUPPORT was used to test an
URBAN_DISTRIBUTION_CENTER (udc) in OSAKA_CITY, JAPAN. the KEY_FINDINGS
from this RESEARCH concluded that the udc has potential for
EMISSIONS_REDUCTION, but SUSTAINABILITY of the udc is reliant on the
UDC_CHARGES and carriers' sensitivity to the rate of charges.
```

--

Record-No: 117
Citations: 14
Record-ID: Pournaras E., 2020, PROC IEEE INT CONF AUTON COMPUT SELFORGAN SYST ACSOS,
P205
Title: COLLECTIVE_LEARNING: a 10 year odyssey to HUMAN centered
DISTRIBUTED_INTELLIGENCE
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_ILLUSTRATES a 10_year RESEARCH endeavor on
COLLECTIVE_LEARNING, a paradigm for tackling tragedy of the
COMMONS_PROBLEMS in socio_technical systems using human_centered
DISTRIBUTED_INTELLIGENCE. in contrast to mainstream centralized
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai) allowing ALGORITHMIC_DISCRIMINATION and
manipulative nudging, the DECENTRALIZED approach of COLLECTIVE_LEARNING
is by_design participatory and value_sensitive: it aligns with PRIVACY,
AUTONOMY, fairness and DEMOCRATIC_VALUES. engineering SUCH_VALUES in a
socio_technical SYSTEM results in COMPUTATIONAL_CONSTRAINTS that turn
collective decision_making into complex combinatorial np_hard problems.
these are the problems that COLLECTIVE_LEARNING and the
EPOS_RESEARCH_PROJECT_TACKLES. COLLECTIVE_LEARNING finds striking
applicability in energy, TRAFFIC, supply_chain and the self_management of
SHARING economies. this GRAND_APPLICABILITY and the SOCIAL_IMPACT are
demonstrated in this paper along with a FUTURE_PERSPECTIVE of the
COLLECTIVE_LEARNING_PARADIGM.   2020 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 488
Citations: 14
Record-ID: Upton E., 2014, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, V15, P1499
Title: FUEL_PANICS: insights from spatial AGENT_BASED_SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
the united kingdom has twice suffered MAJOR_DISRUPTIONS as a result of
FUEL_PANICS, first in september 2000, coincident with a wave of
FUEL_PROTESTS, and, more recently, in march 2012, following
POLITICAL_WARNINGS of a POSSIBLE_FUTURE SUPPLY_CHAIN disruption. in each
case, the disruption and ECONOMIC_CONSEQUENCES were serious. in this
paper, we demonstrate that agent_based techniques offer a
POWERFUL_FRAMEWORK for SIMULATION of SUPPLY_CHAINS and consumers under
conditions of TRANSIENT_DEMAND. in the case of FUEL_PANIC_CRISIS, we show
that even a highly ABSTRACT_MODEL can reproduce a range of
TRANSIENT_PHENOMENA seen in the REAL_WORLD and present a set of
PRACTICAL_RECOMMENDATIONS for policymakers faced with PANIC_BUYING.  2014
ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 290
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Terrada L., 2018, INT CONF ELECTRON CONTROL OPTIM COMPUT SCI ICECOCS
Title: IOT_CONTRIBUTION in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT for enhancing
PERFORMANCE_INDICATORS
Abstract:
```
each COMPANY_DEFINES_PERFORMANCE in a DIFFERENT_WAY based on
SPECIFIC_INDICATORS in line with ITS STRATEGIC_PERSPECTIVES and
TACTICAL_STRUCTURE. in order to enhance the PERFORMANCE_INDICATORS,
COMPANIES tend towards the use of MULTIPLE_INFORMATION_SYSTEMS such as
ERP, wms, aps, tms or other similar EXISTING_SYSTEMS to keep their
exploitation under CONTROL. SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT is the heart of the
MODERN_CORPORATION. the INTERNET_OF_THINGS (IOT) is a revolution in the
field of information and COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES (ict), with the aim
of extracting, transferring, storing, PROCESSING and SHARING the
NECESSARY_INFORMATION at every LOGISTICS_ACTIVITY. in addition, it is
important to automatically communicate and share each OPERATION related
to the LOGISTICS flows to the actors involved for a better COLLABORATION
and INTEROPERABILITY_IMPROVEMENT in the SUPPLY_CHAIN. in this paper, we
give an approach of the IOT_USE in the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT to ensure
the convenience of ITS activities and that it is thus COLLABORATIVE and
communicative.  2018 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 150
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Farsi M., 2020, J MANUF MATER PROCESS, V4
Title: RFID_APPLICATION in a MULTI_AGENT cyber physical MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
in MANUFACTURING SUPPLY_CHAINS with labour_intensive OPERATIONS and
processes, individuals perform VARIOUS_TYPES of MANUAL_TASKS and
QUALITY_CHECKS. these OPERATIONS and PROCESSES_EMBRACE_ENGAGEMENT with
VARIOUS_FORMS of paperwork, REGULATION_OBLIGATIONS and
EXTERNAL_AGREEMENTS between MULTIPLE_STAKEHOLDERS. SUCH_MANUAL_ACTIVITIES
can increase HUMAN_ERROR and near misses, which may ultimately LEAD to a
lack of PRODUCTIVITY and PERFORMANCE. in this paper, a multi_agent
cyber_physical SYSTEM (cps) ARCHITECTURE with
RADIO_FREQUENCY_IDENTIFICATION (RFID) TECHNOLOGY is presented to assist
inter_layer INTERACTIONS between different MANUFACTURING phases on the
SHOP_FLOOR and EXTERNAL_INTERACTIONS with other STAKEHOLDERS within a
SUPPLY_CHAIN. a DYNAMIC_SIMULATION_MODEL in the ANYLOGIC_SOFTWARE is
developed to implement the cps_rfid solution by using the agent_based
TECHNIQUE. a CASE_STUDY from CRYOGENIC_WAREHOUSING in cell and
GENE_THERAPY has been chosen to test the validity of the presented
cps_rfid ARCHITECTURE. the analyses of the SIMULATION_RESULTS show
improvement in EFFICIENCY and PRODUCTIVITY, in terms of resource
time_in_system.  2020 by the authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 238
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Saraeian S., 2019, INF SCI, V501, P84
Title: OPTIMAL_AUTONOMOUS_ARCHITECTURE for UNCERTAIN_PROCESSES_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
an UNCERTAIN_BUSINESS_PROCESS_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM (bpms) capability is
BUSINESS_PROCESSES (bps) MANAGEMENT in the presence of UNCERTAIN_FACTORS.
this ability should be defined by different uncertain computer_based
COMPONENTS inside the CLASSIC_BPMSS_OPERATIONS. this study proposed
autonomous and COMBINATORIAL_OPTIMAL_PROCESS_MANAGEMENT_ARCHITECTURE to
increase the ability, FLEXIBILITY, and ACCURACY of
UNCERTAIN_PROCESSES_MANAGEMENT. the AUTONOMOUS_ARCHITECTURE based on the
bi_level OPTIMIZATION approach has been constructed inward a meta_model
of multi_agent SYSTEM TECHNOLOGY, OPTIMAL_NEURAL_NETWORK and
CELLULAR_LEARNING_AUTOMATA in DIFFERENT_AGENTS. a CASE_STUDY of an
UNCERTAIN_BUSINESS_PROCESS evolving the CLOSED_LOOP SUPPLY_CHAIN was
studied. the results of the simulated case and the STATISTICAL_EVALUATION
of it, have been demonstrated the ROBUSTNESS and ACCURACY of this new
proposed ARCHITECTURE.  2019 ELSEVIER_INC.
```

--

Record-No: 20
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Rosenberger J., 2022, SENSORS, V22
Title: DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for RESOURCE_ALLOCATION in
INDUSTRIAL_INTERNET of things
Abstract:
```
the HIGH_NUMBER of devices with limited COMPUTATIONAL_RESOURCES as well
as limited COMMUNICATION_RESOURCES are two characteristics of the
INDUSTRIAL_INTERNET of things (iiot). with INDUSTRY_4.0 emerges a
STRONG_DEMAND for DATA_PROCESSING in the edge, constrained primarily by
the limited AVAILABLE_RESOURCES. in INDUSTRY, DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
(drl) is increasingly used in ROBOTICS, JOB_SHOP_SCHEDULING and
SUPPLY_CHAIN. in this work, drl is applied for
INTELLIGENT_RESOURCE_ALLOCATION for INDUSTRIAL_EDGE_DEVICES. an
OPTIMAL_USAGE of AVAILABLE_RESOURCES of the IIOT_DEVICES should be
achieved. due to the structure of IIOT_SYSTEMS as well as
SECURITY_ASPECTS, multi_agent systems (MASS) are preferred for
DECENTRALIZED decision_making. in our study, we build a network from
physical and virtualized REPRESENTATIVE_IIOT_DEVICES. the proposed
approach is capable of dealing with several DYNAMIC_CHANGES of the
TARGET_SYSTEM. three aspects are considered when evaluating the
PERFORMANCE of the MASS: overhead due to the MASS, improvement of the
RESOURCE_USAGE of the devices as well as latency and ERROR_RATE. in
summary, the AGENTS_RESOURCE_USAGE with respect to TRAFFIC, computing
RESOURCES and time is very low. it was confirmed that the AGENTS not only
achieve the desired results in training but also that the learned
behavior is transferable to a REAL_SYSTEM.  2022 by the authors.
LICENSEE_MDPI, basel, switzerland.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 115
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Köhler P.N., 2021, IFAC J SYST CONTROL, V15
Title: distributed ECONOMIC_MODEL_PREDICTIVE_CONTROL for cooperative
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using customer FORECAST information
Abstract:
```
EFFICIENT_OPERATION of SUPPLY_CHAIN systems by means of distributed
MODEL_PREDICTIVE_CONTROL is studied in this work. the MAIN_FOCUS is on
the exploitation and SHARING of PREDICTIVE_INFORMATION on delivery and
DEMAND throughout the SUPPLY_CHAIN. based on the availability of
CUSTOMER_DEMAND_PREDICTIONS, which are assumed to be reliable to some
extent, two distributed MODEL_PREDICTIVE_CONTROL_ALGORITHMS for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATION are proposed, analyzed and investigated in
NUMERICAL_SIMULATIONS. the MECHANISMS employed for INFORMATION_EXCHANGE
throughout the SUPPLY_CHAIN_DIFFER in both approaches. the first
APPROACH_ESTABLISHES and implements the exchange of semi_accurate
predictions, which explicitly requires predicted trajectories to only
vary slightly from one TIME_STEP to the next. in the second approach,
INFORMATION_EXCHANGE is rather indirect by means of TERMINAL_CONSTRAINTS
in the LOCAL_MPC_FORMULATIONS, explicitly relying on the stock and
FLOW_NATURE of the OVERALL_SYSTEM. the two approaches considerably differ
in terms of SYSTEM_SETUP, requirements and CORRESPONDING_RESULTS, and
hence provide a FLEXIBLE_FRAMEWORK for leveraging PREDICTIVE_INFORMATION
in SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM MANAGEMENT. as such, they form a basis for further
investigations towards the ULTIMATE_GOAL of quantifying the value of
PREDICTIVE_INFORMATION in SUPPLY_CHAIN systems.  2020 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 162
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Martín-Gómez A., 2021, APPL SCI, V11
Title: holonic REENGINEERING to foster sustainable CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS DESIGN
in cognitive MANUFACTURING
Abstract:
```
VALUE_CHAIN is identified as the generator of the METABOLIC_RIFT between
nature and society. however, the SUSTAINABLE_VALUE_CHAIN can mitigate and
reverse this rift. in this paper, firstly, a REVIEW of the
MAIN_DIGITAL_ENABLERS of INDUSTRY_4.0 and the CURRENT_STATE of cognitive
MANUFACTURING is carried out. secondly, cyber_physical systems are
conceived from the HOLONIC_PARADIGM, as an ORGANIZATIONAL_ENABLER for the
whole of ENABLERS. thirdly, the BIJECTIVE_RELATIONSHIP between
HOLONIC_PARADIGM and container_based TECHNOLOGY is analyzed. this
TECHNOLOGY allows mapping the physical and VIRTUAL_HOLON as an
INTELLIGENT_AGENT embodied at the edge, fog and CLOUD_LEVEL, with
physical and VIRTUAL_PART. finally, the proposed HOLONIC_SYSTEM based on
the cyber_physical holon is developed through multi_agent systems based
on CONTAINER_TECHNOLOGY. the proposed SYSTEM allows to MODEL the
metabolism of MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS, from a cell MANUFACTURING to
WHOLE_VALUE_CHAIN, in order to develop, evolve and improve the
SUSTAINABLE_VALUE_CHAIN.  2021 by the authors. LICENSEE_MDPI, basel,
switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 400
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Barbuceanu M., 2015, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V1193, P341
Title: the DESIGN of a COORDINATION_LANGUAGE for MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
the AGENT_VIEW provides a LEVEL_OF_ABSTRACTION at which we
ENVISAGE_COMPUTATIONAL_SYSTEMS carrying out COOPERATIVE_WORK by
interoperating across networked people, organizations and machines. a
MAJOR_CHALLENGE in building SUCH_SYSTEMS is coordinating the behavior of
the INDIVIDUAL_AGENTS to achieve the individual and shared GOALS of the
participants. in this paper we propose a conceptualization of the
COORDINATION_TASK around the notion of structured "conversation"
AMONGST_AGENTS. based on this notion we build a COMPLETE_MULTIAGENT
programming language and SYSTEM for explicitly representing, applying and
capturing COORDINATION_KNOWLEDGE. the language provides kqml_based
COMMUNICATION, an AGENT_DEFINITION and EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT, support for
describing INTERACTIONS as multiple structured conversations among
AGENTS, rule_based approaches to CONVERSATION_SELECTION,
CONVERSATION_EXECUTION and event handling, a MODEL and an
INTERACTIVE_GRAPHICAL_TOOL for in CONTEXT_ACQUISITION and debugging of
COORDINATION_KNOWLEDGE. the MAJOR_APPLICATION of the SYSTEM is the
CONSTRUCTION and INTEGRATION of MULTIAGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN systems for
MANUFACTURING ENTERPRISES. this application is used throughout the paper
to illustrate the introduced concepts and LANGUAGE_CONSTRUCTS.  lecture
notes in COMPUTER_SCIENCE.all right reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 384
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Ballouki I., 2017, J ADV MANUF SYST, V16, P291
Title: DECISION_SUPPORT_TOOL for SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION considering
NEW_PRODUCT_RE_DESIGN: an AGENT based approach
Abstract:
```
in the DECLINE_PHASE of PRODUCT_LIFECYCLE, INDUSTRIALS_NEED to re_design
their products to introduce new FUNCTIONS and/or CUSTOMERS'
NEW_PREFERENCES. these changes may not only affect the product'S bill of
material, but also ITS SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK. consequently, new
SUPPLY_CHAIN COSTS are generated. this PAPER_ADDRESSES the problem of
SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION considering new product re_design using a
multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS). the OBJECTIVE of the SYSTEM is to
ENSURE_GOOD_COLLABORATION between two DIFFERENT_POINTS of view,
SUPPLY_CHAIN partners and PRODUCT_DESIGNERS, to make better decisions. to
MODEL the proposed SYSTEM, we select the multi_agent SYSTEM_ENGINEERING
(mase) METHODOLOGY. the MAS_FRAMEWORK_CONTAINS three types of AGENTS,
namely, \PRODUCT_DESIGN AGENT" and \SUPPLY_CHAIN AGENTS" which are fitted
with OPTIMIZATION_TOOLS. these TOOLS allow COSTS' OPTIMIZATION and
selection of SUPPLY_CHAIN means (SUPPLIERS, technologies, etc.). finally,
the SYSTEM_CONTAINS a \COMMUNICATION AGENT" acting like a mediator; it
FACILITATES_DATA_EXCHANGE between designers. to support distributed
decision_making, two MODELS of mixed INTEGER_LINEAR programming are
adopted and implemented within the framework for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPTIMIZATION. the OVERALL_MAS_APPROACH was tested in
SIMULATION with a CASE_STUDY. the OBJECTIVE of the SIMULATION is to
choose among three PRODUCT_ALTERNATIVES the cheapest one based on ITS
supplying and PRODUCTION_COSTS, under CAPACITY_CONSTRAINTS. the MAS was
able to find the best product alternative among three alternatives
proposed by PRODUCT_DESIGN_TEAM and SELECT_OPTIMAL SUPPLY_CHAIN means.
the optimal SUPPLY_CHAIN contains two SUPPLIERS: one machine and one
subcontractor to satisfy customer'S DEMAND.  world scientific publishing
company.
```

--

Record-No: 461
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Dhaouadi R., 2014, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V35, P251
Title: ONTOLOGY based MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for improved PROCUREMENT_PROCESS:
application for the HANDICRAFT_DOMAIN
Abstract:
```
SUITABLE_SUPPLIERS' RECOMMENDATION_FORMS the basis for a
SUCCESSFUL_PROCUREMENT_PROCESS. an automated PERSONALIZATION of
PROCUREMENT_OPPORTUNITIES_RELIES on the buyer and the
SELLER_PROFILES_CONSISTENCY. however, dealing with their profiles
matching is not a TRIVIAL_TASK. in fact, each CONTEXTUAL_DETAIL may play
a CRUCIAL_ROLE in the DECISION_MAKING_PROCEDURE especially when
FINAL_USERS_EXPRESS very specific and VARIABLE_NEEDS in a heterogeneous
and INCONSTANT_ENVIRONMENT. in this paper, we designed and developed a
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM (MAS) for the SUPPLY_CHAIN_AUTOMATIZATION. it includes
two SUPPLIER_SELECTION_LEVELS followed by a NEGOTIATION_MODULE relying on
the HANDICRAFT_WOMAN_ONLINE_SITUATION. several
HANDICRAFT_BUSINESS_ONTOLOGIES in addition to multi_side PROFILE_ONTOLOGY
are developed in order to drive the AGENT_COMMUNICATION with the internal
and EXTERNAL_ENVIRONMENT.  2014 the authors.  2014 published by elsevier
b.v.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 182
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Meliani M., 2020, INT COLLOQ LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG LOGISTIQUA
Title: CONTROL_SYSTEM in the SMART_GRID: STATE_OF_THE_ART and opportunities
Abstract:
```
the SMART_GRIDS (sgs) are viewed as the NEW_GENERATION of
ELECTRIC_POWER_SYSTEMS, uniting the DEVELOPMENT of
INFORMATION_TECHNOLOGIES (it), ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai) and
DISTRIBUTED_SYSTEMS for more features on the real_time MONITORING of the
DEMAND_RESPONSE (dr) and the ENERGY_CONSUMPTIONS. as an
ESSENTIAL_CHARACTERISTICS of the sgs, dr can reschedule the user'S
ENERGY_CONSUMPTIONS to reduce the operating expense from
EXPENSIVE_GENERATORS to defer the CAPACITY_ADDITION in the LONG_RUN. at
first, this paper presents a SHORT_REVIEW about the SMART_GRIDS. ITS
concepts, advantages, and COMPONENTS. however, among many sg challenges,
we chose to talk about dr and ITS CONTROL_SYSTEMS, which has become a
MAIN_PART of the SYSTEM_OPERATIONS in the sg driven restructured
POWER_SYSTEMS around the world. we have examined in our study some
articles that deal with the most recent challenges of dr such as the
HEURISTIC_OPTIMIZATION, the SCHEDULING_STRUCTURES, the load shifting etc.
then we presented CONTROL_METHODS of dr on SMART_GRIDS. in particularly
we highlighted two SPECIFIC_METHODS of based CONTROL_SYSTEMS: 'the
multi_agent SYSTEM' (MAS), and 'THE_VIRTUAL_POWER_PLANTS' (vpp). we
identified some studies that used the MAS considering the UPSTREAM_GRID,
DISTRIBUTED_GENERATION (dg) and DEMAND_RESPONSE_RESOURCES (drrs) to
reduce the PEAK_LOAD and COST of a SMART_DISTRIBUTION_NETWORK_FEEDER. in
the same way, we summarized the MODELLING methodologies of vpp used and
developed by other researchers, in order to reduce the ELECTRICITY_PRICE
and CONTROL the consumers' usage, and also to maximize the benefits in
the ENERGY_MARKET.   2020 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 261
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Tucnik P., 2018, EXPERT SYS APPL, V113, P415
Title: COMPARATIVE_ANALYSIS of selected PATH_PLANNING approaches in LARGE_SCALE
MULTI_AGENT based environments
Abstract:
```
large_scale MODELS are currently used for the SIMULATION, analysis and
CONTROL of REAL_SYSTEMS, whether technical, biological, social or
economic. in multi_agent SIMULATIONS of VIRTUAL_ECONOMIES, it is
important to SCHEDULE a LARGE_NUMBER of AGENTS across the cities
involved, in order to establish a functional SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK for
INDUSTRIAL_PRODUCTION. this study describes an EXPERIMENTAL_EVALUATION of
path_planning approaches in the field of multi_agent
MODELLING_AND_SIMULATION, applied to a large_scale setting. the
EXPERIMENTAL_COMPARISON is based on a MODEL in which AGENTS represent
ECONOMIC_ENTITIES and can participate in MUTUAL_INTERACTIONS. for the
purposes of experiment, the MODEL is scaled to VARIOUS_DEGREES of
COMPLEXITY in terms of the numbers of AGENTS and TRANSPORTATION_NODES.
VARIOUS_NUMBERS of AGENTS are used to explore the way in which the
MODEL'S COMPLEXITY influences the runtime of the path_planning task. the
results indicate that there are SIGNIFICANT_DIFFERENCES between the
RUNTIME_PERFORMANCES associated with single approaches, for differing
levels of SYSTEM_COMPLEXITY and MODEL_SIZES. the STUDY_REVEALS that the
appropriate SHARING of SHORTEST_PATH_INFORMATION can significantly
improve path_planning activities. hence, this work extends
CURRENT_RESEARCH in the field of path_planning for multi_agent
SIMULATIONS by conducting an EXPERIMENTAL_PERFORMANCE_ANALYSIS of five
distinct path_planning approaches and a STATISTICAL_EVALUATION of the
results. this STATISTICAL_EVALUATION_CONTRASTS with PERFORMANCE_ANALYSES
conducted on the basis of BIG_O_NOTATION for ALGORITHMIC_COMPLEXITY,
which describes the limiting behaviour of the ALGORITHM and gives only a
ROUGH_PERFORMANCE_ESTIMATE.  2018 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 355
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Kong X.T.R., 2017, IND MANAGE DATA SYS, V117, P1954
Title: robot enabled EXECUTION_SYSTEM for PERISHABLES_AUCTION_LOGISTICS
Abstract:
```
purpose  the purpose of this paper is to propose a concept of
CLOUD_AUCTION_ROBOT (car) and ITS EXECUTION_PLATFORM for transforming
PERISHABLE_FOOD SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. a NEW_PARADIGM of
goods_to_person AUCTION EXECUTION_MODEL is proposed based on cars. this
paradigm can shift the MANAGEMENT of traditional manual working to
automated execution with GREAT_SPACE and time saving. a scalable
car_enabled EXECUTION_SYSTEM (cares) is presented to
MANAGE_LOGISTICS_WORKFLOWS, tasks and behavior of car_agents in handling
the real_time events and associated data. DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/approach  an
INTERNET_OF_THINGS enabled AUCTION_ENVIRONMENT is designed. the robot is
used to pick up and deliver the AUCTION_PRODUCTS and commends are given
to the robot in real_time. CARES_ARCHITECTURE is proposed while
integrating three CORE_SERVICES from AUCTION_WORKFLOW_MANAGEMENT,
AUCTION_TASK_MANAGEMENT, to AUCTION_EXECUTION_CONTROL. a SYSTEM_PROTOTYPE
was developed to show ITS execution through PHYSICAL_EMULATIONS and
EXPERIMENTS. findings  the cares could well SCHEDULE the tasks for each
robot to minimize their waiting time. the TOTAL_EXECUTION_TIME is reduced
by 33 percent on average. SPACE_UTILIZATION for each AUCTION_STUDIO is
improved by about 50 percent per day. originality/value  the car_enabled
EXECUTION_MODEL and SYSTEM is simulated and verified in a
UBIQUITOUS_AUCTION_ENVIRONMENT so as to upgrade the PERISHABLE_FOOD
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT into a NEW_LEVEL which is automated and
real_time. the proposed SYSTEM is flexible to cope with
DIFFERENT_AUCTION_SCENARIOS, such as DIFFERENT_AUCTION_MECHANISMS and
processes, with HIGH_RECONFIGURABILITY and SCALABILITY.  xiang t.r. kong,
ray y. zhong, GANGYAN_XU and george q. huang. published by emerald
publishing limited.
```

--

Record-No: 361
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Long Q.-Q., 2016, INF SCI, V331, P67
Title: a NOVEL_RESEARCH_METHODOLOGY for SUPPLY_NETWORK COLLABORATION MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
a SUPPLY_CHAIN has a multi_stage COMPLEX_TOPOLOGICAL_STRUCTURE that is
reconfigured dynamically and evolves over time. these features represent
great challenges to SUPPLY_NETWORK COLLABORATION MANAGEMENT. this paper
proposes a NOVEL_RESEARCH_METHODOLOGY for SUPPLY_NETWORK COLLABORATION
RESEARCH, including a METHODOLOGICAL_BASIS, a PROCEDURE_MODEL, and a
conceptual decision_making MODEL. the METHODOLOGY_INTEGRATES a
three_dimensional flow MODEL with a scor
(SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS_REFERENCE_MODEL)_based PROCESS MODELING
approach, a multi_agent SYSTEM, distributed SIMULATION_TECHNOLOGY and a
three_dimensional decision_making MODEL to support SUPPLY_NETWORK
analysis, MODELING, STANDARDIZATION, DEVELOPMENT, implementation and
DECISION_MAKING. this method creatively USES_MATERIAL, information and
time flows as the RESEARCH_OBJECTS, combines process_oriented and
agent_oriented MODELING approaches and integrates MULTIPLE_MODELS,
approaches and technologies to reduce RESEARCH_ASSUMPTIONS and
constraints while improving the quality of RESEARCH_FINDINGS. the case
for a five_stage make_to_order (mto) SUPPLY_NETWORK is studied for the
application of the METHODOLOGY and to verify ITS effectiveness.  2015
ELSEVIER_INC.
```

--

Record-No: 125
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Terrada L., 2020, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V177, P624
Title: MULTI_AGENTS_SYSTEM implementation for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT making
DECISION
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) is a mutant and COMPLEX_SYSTEM which
represents a COMPETITIVE_CHALLENGE that COMPANIES are facing. it aims to
optimize the product, financial and INFORMATION_FLOWS, that the
COMPANY_MANAGES with ITS SUPPLIERS, RETAILERS and CUSTOMERS. existent
computing technologies have some faults in COMPLEX_SYSTEMS MODELING.
nevertheless, RESEARCH_WO_RKS in multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) TECHNOLOGY have
shown that COMPLEX_SYSTEMS can be modeled in order to GENERATE_SMART and
EFFICIENT_SOLUTIONS. SCM is considered to be a MAS, where protagonists
are represented by DIFFERENT_AGENTS. in addition, COOPERATION between
actors in agent_based SCM has been proven to be an EFFECTIVE_MECHANISM
for improving SCM_PERFORMANCE. the aim of this paper is to provide a
solution for decision_making problems in INFORMATION_SYSTEMS used in SCM,
where each phase in the SC has been developed as an AGENT allowing
COMMUNICATION, COORDINATION and NEGOTIATION among the AGENTS to achieve
BUSINESS_GOALS. the proposed MAS will be implemented using a
JAVA_AGENT_DEVELOPMENT_FRAMEWORK (JADE) based on SPECIFIC_METHODS to
ENHANCE_COLLABORATION in the SCM.  2020 the authors. published by
elsevier b.v.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 276
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Du H., 2019, IEEE ACCESS, V7, P50419
Title: backup or RELIABILITY_IMPROVEMENT_STRATEGY for a manufacturer facing
HETEROGENEOUS_CONSUMERS in a dynamic SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_EXAMINES a manufacturer'S SUPPLY MANAGEMENT_STRATEGIES for
mitigating YIELD_RISK in a complex dynamic SUPPLY_CHAIN. two strategies
can be adopted for the manufacturer: backup and RELIABILITY_IMPROVEMENT.
consumers may select to leave (INSTANT_CONSUMERS) or wait (delaying
consumers) when they confront the manufacturer'S insufficient INVENTORY.
utilizing the method of multi_agent MODELING, a manufacturer and a
supplier are modeled as the INTELLIGENT_AGENTS with the
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_BEHAVIOR. the STUDY_SHOWS that: 1) when the number
of INSTANT_CONSUMERS is small, RELIABILITY_IMPROVEMENT_STRATEGY should be
selected; otherwise, the manufacturer should adopt a BACKUP_STRATEGY; 2)
only when mean yield is large enough, RELIABILITY_IMPROVEMENT_STRATEGY is
the OPTIMAL_CHOICE; and 3) if YIELD_UNCERTAINTY is small, the
manufacturer should choose RELIABILITY_IMPROVEMENT_STRATEGY; otherwise,
it is suitable to use a BACKUP_STRATEGY. in addition, when the
MAIN_SUPPLIER can determine ITS OWN_WHOLESALE_PRICE, it is found that: 1)
when the mean yield is small, a lower WHOLESALE_PRICE should be designed
for the MAIN_SUPPLIER, to induce higher ORDER_QUANTITY under
BACKUP_STRATEGY; and 2) the impact of YIELD_UNCERTAINTY on the
manufacturer'S SUPPLY MANAGEMENT_STRATEGY can be changed by the
MAIN_SUPPLIER'S adaptive PRICING behavior.  2013 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 203
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Krakowczyk D., 2018, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V11117 LNAI, P107
Title: developing a distributed DRONE_DELIVERY_SYSTEM with a
HYBRID_BEHAVIOR_PLANNING_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
the DEMAND for fast and RELIABLE_PARCEL_SHIPPING is globally rising.
CONVENTIONAL_DELIVERY by land requires GOOD_INFRASTRUCTURE and causes
HIGH_COSTS, especially on the LAST_MILE. we present a distributed and
SCALABLE_DRONE_DELIVERY_SYSTEM based on the CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL for
TASK_ALLOCATION and the ROS_HYBRID_BEHAVIOUR_PLANNER (rhbp) for
goal_oriented TASK_EXECUTION. the solution is tested on a modified
multi_agent systems SIMULATION_PLATFORM (massim). within this
ENVIRONMENT, the SOLUTION_SCALES up well and is profitable across
DIFFERENT_CONFIGURATIONS.  SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2018.
```

--

Record-No: 254
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Ud Din F., 2018, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V96, P44
Title: AGENT oriented SMART_FACTORY (aosf): an MAS based framework for SMES
under INDUSTRY_4.0
Abstract:
```
for the concept of INDUSTRY_4.0 to come true, a MATURE_AMALGAMATION of
allied technologies is obligatory, I.e. INTERNET_OF_THINGS (IOT),
BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS, MOBILE_COMPUTING, multi_agent systems (MAS) and
CLOUD_COMPUTING. with the EMERGENCE of the fourth INDUSTRIAL_REVOLUTION,
proliferation in the field of cyber_physical systems (cps) and
SMART_FACTORY gave a boost to RECENT_RESEARCH in this dimension. despite
many AUTONOMOUS_FRAMEWORKS contributed in this area, there are very few
widely ACCEPTABLE_IMPLEMENTATION_FRAMEWORKS, particularly for small to
MEDIUM_SIZE_ENTERPRISES (SMES) under the umbrella of INDUSTRY_4.0. this
paper presents an agent_oriented SMART_FACTORY (aosf) framework,
integrating the whole SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC), from supplier_end to
customer_end. the AOSF_FRAMEWORK presents an elegant mediating mechanism
between MULTIPLE_AGENTS to increase ROBUSTNESS in DECISION_MAKING at the
BASE_LEVEL. classification of AGENTS, NEGOTIATION_MECHANISM and few
results from a TEST_CASE are presented.  springer international
publishing ag, part of SPRINGER_NATURE 2019.
```

--

Record-No: 358
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Herding R., 2016, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V9872 LNAI, P115
Title: s2cmas: an AGENT based SYSTEM for PLANNING and CONTROL in semiconductor
SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
in this paper, we describe the DESIGN and the implementation of an
agent_based SYSTEM that supports PLANNING and CONTROL_ACTIVITIES in
semiconductor SUPPLY_CHAINS. the proposed SYSTEM extends the
FABMAS_PROTOTYPE for PRODUCTION_CONTROL of single WAFER_FABS by
additional enterprise_wide planning_related decision_making AGENTS and
STAFF_AGENTS. WEB_SERVICES are used to implement parts of the new
PLANNING FUNCTIONALITY. results of SIMULATION_EXPERIMENTS with the
proposed multi_agent SYSTEM_PROTOTYPE are presented that indicate that
the proposed approach is feasible.  springer international publishing
switzerland 2016.
```

--

Record-No: 425
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Carvalho J.B., 2014, LECT NOTES BUS INF PROCESS, V184 LNBIP, P104
Title: a web based DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM for SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS
MANAGEMENT towards an integrated framework
Abstract:
```
OPERATIONS_MANAGEMENT_DEALS with the DESIGN and MANAGEMENT of products,
processes, services and SUPPLY_CHAINS. SUPPLY_CHAINS INTEGRATION and
MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS_MANAGEMENT can BENEFIT highly from the use of
web_based technologies by ensuring a SMOOTH_CONNECTIVITY and
INTEROPERABILITY between SOFTWARE_COMPONENTS, especially in a real_time
basis by reinforcing the use of multi_agents combined with WEB_SERVICE
based technologies. the more the accurate and dynamic is the update of
the information in a company, the more the enhancement of the
MANUFACTURING decision_making PROCESS will be over the whole company'S
PERFORMANCE. moreover, web_based technologies combined with multi_agents
provide gains in AGILITY and FLEXIBILITY for building versatile
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS. therefore, the purpose of this paper is
to present and propose an integrated web_based framework to cover the
MAIN_INTEGRATION_REQUIREMENT from a SYSTEM_POINT of view, this within the
MAIN_PURPOSE of supporting the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT and OPERATION in
SUPPLY_CHAIN environments. for this purpose, an automotive SUPPLY_CHAIN
INDUSTRY is considered to illustrate the applicability of this proposed
framework.  springer international publishing switzerland 2014.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 189
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Uhlmann I.R., 2022, INT J PROD RES, V60, P1069
Title: HYBRID_FLOW_SHOP rescheduling for contract MANUFACTURING services
Abstract:
```
several approaches for strategic and TACTICAL_INTEGRATION of
SUPPLY_CHAINS considering the DEMAND_MANAGEMENT_PROCESS have been
proposed in the literature. however, in the context of INDUSTRY_4.0,
there is a lack of studies related to the SCHEDULING and rescheduling
PROCESS integrating industries on the OPERATIONAL_LEVEL. this paper
proposes a NOVEL_HYBRID_FLOW_SHOP rescheduling procedure to address the
INTEGRATION, on the OPERATIONAL_LEVEL, of a CONTRACT_MANUFACTURER, who
handles PRODUCTION_EXECUTION and INVENTORY_CONTROL, and their
INDUSTRIAL_CUSTOMERS, who are in charge of the DELIVERY_PLANNING_PROCESS.
the RESEARCH_QUESTION emerged from the EMPIRICAL_PROBLEM of connecting a
CONTRACT_MANUFACTURER with ITS INDUSTRIAL_CUSTOMERS. in alignment with
the findings in the LITERATURE_REVIEW, based on an updated
CONCEPTUAL_MODEL, a REAL_HYBRID_FLOW_SHOP was modelled using a
multi_method approach that combines DISCRETE_EVENT and agent_based
SIMULATION. the results show improvements in OVERALL_PRODUCTION and
DELIVERY_PERFORMANCE. one can say that this is the first time that a
PRODUCTION_RESCHEDULING problem is handled considering
INDUSTRIES_INTEGRATION at the OPERATIONAL_LEVEL. even though the
PRIMARY_MOTIVATION of this RESEARCH was to solve a
PRODUCTION_RESCHEDULING issue in a CONTRACT_MANUFACTURER, the developed
approach allows application in any B2B_PARTNERSHIP.  2020 INFORMA_UK
limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 340
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Mohammed W.M., 2017, INT CONF ENG TECHNOL INNOV ENG TECHNOL INNOV MANAG
BEYOND NEW CHALLENGES NEW APPROACHES ICE/ITMC PROC, V2018-January, P1209
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH for PROCESSING INDUSTRIAL_ENTERPRISE_DATA
Abstract:
```
the C2NET_PROJECT_AIMS to provide cloud_based platform for the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_INTERACTIONS. the ARCHITECTURE of SUCH_PLATFORM includes a
DATA_COLLECTION_FRAMEWORK (dcf) for managing the collection of the
company'S data. the dcf collects, transforms and STORES_DATA from both
INTERNET_OF_THINGS (IOT) devices in the FACTORY_SHOPFLOOR and
COMPANY_ENTERPRISES_DATA via two types of hub; LEGACY_SYSTEM_HUB (lsh)
and IOT_HUB. since the c2net, targets the small and medium_sized
ENTERPRISES (SMES), the ENTERPRISE_DATA, or LEGACY_DATA as called in the
C2NET_PROJECT, can be provided via EXCEL_FILES. thus, this
RESEARCH_WORK_HIGHLIGHTS a TECHNIQUE for PROCESSING the EXCEL_FILES in
the lshs. this TECHNIQUE_ADOPTS the concept of multi_agent systems for
PROCESSING the data as table in the EXCEL_FILES in the lsh. the
multi_agent approach allows the lsh to PROCESS any EXCEL_FILE_REGARDLESS
the COMPLEXITY in the DATA_STRUCTURE or in the FILE_TABLE. furthermore,
the presented APPROACH_ENHANCES the PROCESSING of the EXCEL_FILES in
DIFFERENT_ASPECTS, such as the size of the EXCEL_FILE or the required
PROCESSING_POWER.  2017 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 57
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Fiedler A., 2022, COMPUT IND ENG, V168
Title: an AGENT based NEGOTIATION_PROTOCOL for SUPPLY_CHAIN FINANCE
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN FINANCE (scf) makes it possible to discover and
UTILIZE_OPTIMIZATION_POTENTIALS concerning the FINANCIAL_FLOWS of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN. a KEY_FEATURE of scf is the provision of FINANCIAL_SUPPORT
based on a CORE_BUSINESS that extends GOOD_CREDIT to upstream and
downstream businesses and facilitates lending without taking
UNACCEPTABLE_RISKS. to this end, a multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) approach is
proposed to automate and facilitate the PROCESS of selecting the best
possible financing options in the SUPPLY_CHAIN. it must be decided
whether internal or external financing is to be used and which
INTERNAL_PLAYER offers the most favourable financing option. this second
decision_making problem is realized in the MAS by an automated
NEGOTIATION_PROCESS in the form of an AUCTION. the MODEL_CONSIDERS the
INFORMATION_ASYMMETRY between external and internal SUPPLY_CHAIN actors
and ADDITIONAL_EXTERNAL effects for internal SUPPLY_CHAIN actors while
taking over financing. NUMERICAL_EXPERIMENTS show the FUNCTIONALITY and
advantages of the specially designed NEGOTIATION_PROTOCOL.  2022
ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 91
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Lehmann J., 2023, MACH, V11
Title: the anatomy of the INTERNET of DIGITAL_TWINS: a symbiosis of AGENT and
DIGITAL_TWIN_PARADIGMS enhancing RESILIENCE (not only) in MANUFACTURING
environments
Abstract:
```
due to the growing environmental and geopolitical challenges nowadays,
which are causing SUPPLY_CHAIN complications, INDUSTRY and society are
facing SIGNIFICANT_NEW_OBJECTIONS. as a complement and extension to the
technology_driven premises of INDUSTRY_4.0, the value_driven INDUSTRY 5.0
focuses on society and the ENVIRONMENT. HUMAN_CENTRICITY, SUSTAINABILITY,
and RESILIENCE should become a more INTEGRAL_PART of both industrial and
SOCIETAL_REVOLUTIONS. one of the ENABLER_TECHNOLOGIES for both is the
DIGITAL_TWIN (dt). in order to make dts INTELLIGENT, they must become
active, online, goal_seeking, and anticipatory. to meet these
requirements, the characteristics of multi_agent systems (MASS) can be
employed. this PAPER_CONTRIBUTES to the BILATERAL_EMERGENCE of the two
INDUSTRIAL_PARADIGMS and establishes an approach for the provision of
INTELLIGENT_DIGITAL_TWINS (idts) within the INTERNET of DIGITAL_TWINS
(IODT). initially, a DT_REFERENCE_MODEL aligned with already established
INDUSTRY_4.0 REFERENCE_MODELS enriched with the GOALS of INDUSTRY 5.0 is
developed, followed by an outline of how idts can be realized with the
characteristics of MAS. the work is substantiated by an
ARCHITECTURAL_DESIGN for idts choreographing marketplace_oriented
PRODUCTION_PROCESSES with a SUBSEQUENT_PROTOTYPICAL_IMPLEMENTATION,
followed by a PROOF_OF_CONCEPT.  2023 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 171
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Komesker S., 2022, PROCEDIA CIRP, V107, P991
Title: enabling a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for RESILIENT_PRODUCTION_FLOW in
MODULAR_PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
VOLATILE_MARKETS with strongly fluctuating CUSTOMER_DEMAND and
uncertainties in the global SUPPLY_CHAIN challenge MANUFACTURING
COMPANIES with increasing COMPLEXITY. a flexible,
RECONFIGURABLE_PRODUCTION_SYSTEM like the concept of MODULAR_PRODUCTION
by kern is one way to meet these challenges and at the same time to
produce more efficiently. SUCH_PLANTS can quickly adapt to
NEW_PRODUCTION_DEMANDS, but also come with CHALLENGING_REQUIREMENTS on
the PLANNING and CONTROL of PRODUCTION_PROGRAMS. to fulfil these
requirements, NEW_INFORMATION_STRUCTURES are needed. PREVIOUS_APPROACHES,
as traditionally prevalent in the AUTOMOTIVE_INDUSTRY, are structured
rigidly hierarchical leading to MONOLITHIC_SYSTEMS. these are designed
for STATIC_PRODUCTION_CYCLES and therefore offer only limited
FLEXIBILITY. to reach a higher FLEXIBILITY, NEW_INFORMATION_STRUCTURES
are needed which enable centralized as well as DECENTRALIZED
DECISION_MAKING. one approach to meet these requirements are multi_agent
systems (MAS). in this paper a DESIGN_APPROACH for deploying a
semi_heterarchical SYSTEM_STRUCTURE is presented that puts
SPECIAL_EMPHASIS on a RESILIENT_PRODUCTION_PLANNING and execution with
the help of ASSET_ADMINISTRATION_SHELLS (aas). the potential of aas for
the self_description of industrie 4.0 COMPONENTS and AGENTS in
HOLONIC_MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS as well as their usefulness as
INTEROPERABLE_INTERFACES are described and discussed in this work. this
is elaborated and discussed in a simulated PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENT using
an example from the AUTOMOTIVE_INDUSTRY.  2022 the authors. published by
elsevier b.v.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 178
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Palanca J., 2021, NEUROCOMPUTING, V423, P679
Title: an AGENT based SIMULATION_FRAMEWORK for the study of URBAN_DELIVERY
Abstract:
```
in RECENT_YEARS, cities and especially URBAN_MOBILITY have undergone
REMARKABLE_CHANGES. SIGNIFICANT_ADVANCES in TECHNOLOGY have been
translated into NEW_MOBILITY_SERVICES for both goods and people. one
evident change has been the transformation of TRADITIONAL_VEHICLE_FLEETS
into more OPEN_FLEETS, in the sense that their members can proactively
decide whether or not they are part of a CERTAIN_FLEET and whether or not
they perform CERTAIN_SERVICES. fleets of this type make the
decision_making PROCESS to be highly distributed, and rule out some of
the typically centralized decisions. the MANAGEMENT and CONTROL of this
type of OPEN_FLEETS is severely more complex and, for this reason, the
availability of SIMULATION_TOOLS that allow for their analysis can be
very useful. in accordance with this, the MAIN_CONTRIBUTION of this work
is the DEVELOPMENT of an agent_based SIMULATION_TOOL specifically
designed for the SIMULATION of NEW_URBAN_MOBILITY_MODELS. in this way,
the tool can simulate any type of fleet in DIFFERENT_URBAN_SCENARIOS,
including a solution of the last MILE_DELIVERY_PROBLEM, which is also
included as a PROOF_OF_CONCEPT in this paper.  2020 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 126
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Chakir I., 2020, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V175, P419
Title: LOGISTICS_FLOW_OPTIMIZATION for advanced MANAGEMENT of the
CRISIS_SITUATION
Abstract:
```
our work has been carried out with the aim of providing a solution to
decision_making problems encountered in INFORMATION_SYSTEMS for
SUPPLY_CHAINS in CRISIS_SITUATION. the SUPPLY_CHAIN represents a
COMPETITIVE_ADVANTAGE that COMPANIES seek to perpetuate. it aims to
optimize the exchanges, or flows, that the company maintains with ITS
SUPPLIERS and ITS CUSTOMERS. these flows can be of VARIOUS_NATURES. it
can be INFORMATION_FLOWS relating to supplies or PRODUCT_DESIGN,
FINANCIAL_FLOWS linked to purchases, or even flows of goods. the
CRISIS_MANAGEMENT_LOGISTICS is getting more and more attention,
especially in the CURRENT_CONTEXT of the covid_19 PANDEMIC. for these
systems, where it is never very easy to anticipate the evolution of the
ENVIRONMENT, the forms of changes undergone are varied and rapid. we aim
to provide an answer to these challenges, in an approach that
LINKS_OPTIMIZATION_METHODS to the paradigm of ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE. we
therefore propose to find MATHEMATICAL_MODELS, and inter_agent
COOPERATION PROTOCOLS, to minimize the risk of STOCK_SHORTAGE in any area
of the SUPPLY_CHAIN.  2020 the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 266
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Yang C.-H., 2018, ADV MECH ENG, V10
Title: MULTI_AGENT single OBJECTIVE NEGOTIATION_MECHANISM of personalized
product SUPPLY_CHAIN based on PERSONALIZED_INDEX
Abstract:
```
in the multi_agent SYSTEM of personalized product SUPPLY_CHAIN,
NEGOTIATION can effectively solve CONFLICT and realize COOPERATION. in
this ARTICLE, PERSONALIZED_INDEX is defined and the CALCULATION_METHOD of
PERSONALIZED_INDEX is presented. then, the multi_agent NEGOTIATION_MODEL
is constructed based on PERSONALIZED_INDEX and the NEGOTIATION_PROCEDURE
is discussed. finally, the validity of the MODEL is demonstrated by an
example. that will be provided theoretical and OPERATIONAL_METHODS for
personalized product SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT, is helpful to coordinate
and CONTROL personalized product SUPPLY_CHAIN, and realize the efficient,
flexible, and QUICK_OPERATION of personalized product SUPPLY_CHAIN.  the
author(s) 2018.
```

--

Record-No: 272
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Rzevski G., 2018, PROC INT CONF CONTROL ARTIF INTELL ROBOT OPTIM ICCAIRO,
P14
Title: ONTOLOGY driven MULTI_AGENT engine for REAL_TIME_ADAPTIVE_SCHEDULING
Abstract:
```
the growing DEMAND for improving BUSINESS_EFFICIENCY_REQUESTS the
DEVELOPMENT of GENERIC_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS applicable for solving
a WIDE_RANGE of COMPLEX_PROBLEMS with MINIMUM_COST and time. however, the
CLASSICAL_COMBINATORIAL or HEURISTIC_METHODS and TOOLS do not provide
ADEQUATE_SOLUTIONS for solving COMPLEX_PROBLEMS of RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT in
REAL_TIME. that is why we consider multi_agent TECHNOLOGY as the
CORE_PART of such solutions_which helps find the balance of many
interests and adapt it in a FLEXIBLE_WAY to UNPREDICTABLE_EVENTS, such as
a NEW_ORDER, an UNAVAILABLE_RESOURCE, etc. in this paper we introduce the
use of ONTOLOGY for SCHEDULING, which provides the opportunity to create
ONTOLOGICAL_MODEL of the ENTERPRISE, develop generic multi_agent
scheduler and customize matching requirements for each OPERATION in
business or TECHNOLOGICAL_PROCESSES, for example, for APPLICATIONS in
MANUFACTURING, PROJECT_MANAGEMENT, SUPPLY_CHAINS, etc. SEMANTIC_WIKIPEDIA
on the top of ONTOLOGY_EDITOR will be discussed to SUPPORT_KNOWLEDGE_BASE
of ENTERPRISE for RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT. the example of APPLICATIONS for
SUPPLY_CHAIN of INSURANCE_COMPANY is presented.  2018 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 492
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Biao L., 2014, J ADV MANUF SYST, V13, P133
Title: a MULTI_AGENT based RESEARCH on TOURISM SUPPLY_CHAIN_RISK_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
the HIGH_LEVEL of COMPLEXITY of TOURISM SUPPLY_CHAIN and the
INHERENT_RISKS that exist in the DEMAND and SUPPLY of RESOURCES are
viewed as major limiting factors in achieving HIGH_LEVEL_PERFORMANCE.
though emerging literature on RISK_MANAGEMENT in TOURISM_INDUSTRY or ITS
EQUIVALENT_EXISTS, progress in this area is uneven, as most
RESEARCH_FOCUSES on this problem from the
TRADITIONAL_SINGLE_BUSINESS_RISK_MANAGEMENT_PERSPECTIVE, without
considering the ENTIRE_RANGE of DIFFERENT_SUPPLIERS involved in the
provision and consumption of TOURISM_PRODUCTS. this
STUDY_APPLIES_RISK_MANAGEMENT_THEORY to a NEW_RESEARCH_PERSPECTIVE, which
is TOURISM SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM). this paper develops a framework
for the DESIGN of a multi_agent_based DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM (DSS) based
on multi_agent THEORY and TECHNIQUE, in order to MANAGE_DISRUPTIONS and
MITIGATE_RISKS in TOURISM SUPPLY_CHAIN.  2014 world scientific publishing
company.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 133
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Roth A., 2021, COMPUT CHEM ENG, V155
Title: importing PARTICIPATORY_PRACTICES of the socio ENVIRONMENTAL_SYSTEMS
community to the PROCESS_SYSTEM_ENGINEERING_COMMUNITY: an application to
SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
the PROCESS_SYSTEM_ENGINEERING_COMMUNITY has an EXTENSIVE_KNOWLEDGE and
skills on SUPPLY_CHAIN DESIGN: from the TIME_DIMENSION (PRODUCTION and
FLOW_PLANNING) to the SPACE_DIMENSION (GEOGRAPHIC_POSITION of
facilities). nevertheless, SUPPLY_CHAINS are also SOCIAL_NETWORKS where
MULTIPLE_STAKEHOLDERS have to collaborate while they have different, and
sometimes, diverging objectives. for this reason, having a more
REALISTIC_MODEL representing COLLABORATION between the
VARIOUS_STAKEHOLDERS involved is necessary and NEW_METHODS that
facilitate the DEVELOPMENT of a shared representation of the SYSTEM must
be introduced. we propose to import a PARTICIPATORY_METHOD, pardi
(problematic, actors, RESOURCES, DYNAMICS and INTERACTIONS), from the
socio_environmental SYSTEM community to the practices of the
PROCESS_SYSTEM_ENGINEERING_COMMUNITY. based on this method, we develop a
PARTICIPATORY_PROCESS in order to collect the NECESSARY_KNOWLEDGE on the
SUPPLY_CHAIN and ITS context. following this PARTICIPATORY_PROCESS, we
then develop an agent_based MODEL as a SIMULATION and
DECISION_MAKING_TOOL to support COLLECTIVE_SCENARIO_ANALYSES and
collectively draw SOLUTIONS with STAKEHOLDERS. our participatory MODELING
approach necessarily imposes a MULTI_STAKEHOLDERS_VISION (within the
MODELING but also in the RESULT_ANALYSES) and therefore the search for a
MODELING CONSENSUS. thus, it brings a better inclusion of SOCIAL_ASPECTS
in PROBLEM_SOLVING which are usually poorly considered leading to
IMPLEMENTATION_FAILURE sometimes. by comparing our approach with the
classic one of the PROCESS_SYSTEMS_ENGINEERING_COMMUNITY, we highlight
the strengths and weaknesses of both and how complementary they can be. a
CASE_STUDY on the already existing SUPPLY_CHAIN of the CHESTNUT_WOOD in
CEVENNES_AREA (france) illustrates the capabilities of our
PARTICIPATORY_METHODOLOGY. it focuses on the socio_economic MODEL DESIGN
of the first two steps (FORESTRY_ACTIVITIES to harvest) in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN as the latter is locked because of economic and
SOCIAL_ORGANISATION_ISSUES. the OBJECTIVE is to find the best
ACTION_LEVERS to unlock the resistance that FOREST_PLOT_OWNERS have to
remove declining wood from their land.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 176
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Rahimi Y., 2020, INT J QUAL RES, V14, P1279
Title: ORGANIZATION the INFORMATION_SUPPORT of FULL_LOGISTIC SUPPLY_CHAINS
within the INDUSTRY_4.0
Abstract:
```
ways to improve the EFFICIENCY of the functioning of COMPLETE_LOGISTIC
SUPPLY_CHAIN (clsc) in the framework of the concept of INDUSTRY_4.0 are
described. it is shown that the key features of INDUSTRY_4.0, namely the
INTEGRATION of PRODUCTION and NETWORK_COMMUNICATIONS, the formation of
DIRECT_LINKS of PRODUCTION_CHAINS from ordering a product to receiving it
by the consumer as soon as possible with MAXIMUM_PROCESS_EFFICIENCY,
determine the INADEQUATE_EFFECTIVENESS of TRADITIONAL_MEANS for
information supporting on the functioning of clscs. it is proposed to
modernize the mathematical and INFORMATION_SUPPORT of clsc by
supplementing the currently used anylogic MODELING ENVIRONMENT with
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE and KNOWLEDGE_ENGINEERING. the TECHNOLOGY of
multi_agent systems (MAS) has been used as such a tool. the use of
MAS_TECHNOLOGY will provide the opportunity to adequately present in the
ANYLOGIC_ENVIRONMENT the DYNAMICS of clsc functioning, taking into
account a LARGE_NUMBER of heterogeneous, time_varying factors that
directly affect the EFFICIENCY of clsc functioning.  2020. all rights
reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 295
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Drakaki M., 2018, LECT NOTES BUS INF PROCESS, V313, P15
Title: an INTELLIGENT MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM using FUZZY_ANALYTIC_HIERARCHY_PROCESS
and AXIOMATIC_DESIGN as a DECISION_SUPPORT_METHOD for REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT
siting
Abstract:
```
crises and DISASTERS of RECENT_YEARS are complex and occasionally
interrelated phenomena, which require COMPLEX_DECISION_MAKING for
EFFECTIVE_HUMANITARIAN_RELIEF_OPERATIONS_PROVISION. moreover,
COORDINATION is needed between DIFFERENT_HUMANITARIAN_ACTORS as
DECISION_MAKERS. MASSIVE_REFUGEE and MIGRANT_ARRIVALS in greece since
2014, mainly a result of a REFUGEE_CRISIS, require COMPLEX_HUMANITARIAN
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT and LOGISTICS_OPERATIONS. in this paper,
REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT_SITE_PLANNING_DECISION_MAKING_PROCESS is addressed
with an INTELLIGENT multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) MODELING approach. the
MAS_USES two multi_criteria DECISION_MAKING (MCDM) methods:
FUZZY_ANALYTIC_HIERARCHY_PROCESS (fahp) to determine the weights of
criteria and FUZZY AXIOMATIC_DESIGN_APPROACH extended with RISK_FACTORS
(rfad) to rank ALTERNATIVE_SITES for REFUGEE_SETTLEMENT. the proposed
method will be applied to evaluate currently operating
TEMPORARY_ACCOMMODATION_SITES in greece.  springer international
publishing ag, part of SPRINGER_NATURE 2018.
```

--

Record-No: 321
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Suh E.S., 2015, FLEXIBLE SERV MANUF J, V27, P115
Title: CROSS_DOCKING assessment and OPTIMIZATION using MULTI_AGENT co
SIMULATION: a CASE_STUDY
Abstract:
```
cross_docking is an OPERATION where incoming freights from TRUCKS or
trains are directly loaded onto OUTBOUND_TRUCKS or trains to
DISTRIBUTORS, theoretically eliminating the need for
INTERIM_STORAGE_WAREHOUSES. it is widely used throughout the
RETAIL_INDUSTRY to reduce SUPPLY_CHAIN related COSTS. in this paper, a
cross_docking feasibility and OPTIMIZATION_CASE_STUDY, based on a
SIMULATION_MODEL_FRAMEWORK, is presented. the SIMULATION_MODEL_FRAMEWORK
is created using the HYBRID of discrete_event and agent_based MODEL,
allowing accurate and customized description of SUPPLIERS, DISTRIBUTORS,
and the cross_dock. the SIMULATION_MODEL_FRAMEWORK was used to assess the
feasibility of implementing cross_docking OPERATION for a
GLOBAL_MANUFACTURING firms TECHNICAL_CONSUMER_PRODUCT SUPPLY_CHAIN and to
optimize the cross_docking PERFORMANCE within established constraints.
CONTROLLABLE_INPUT_PARAMETERS were evaluated for their impact to key
cross_docking metrics and optimized for best cross_docking
OPERATION_PERFORMANCES. analysis and OPTIMIZATION_RESULTS are presented
with recommendations.  2014, springer science+business media NEW_YORK.
```

--

Record-No: 366
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Perera L.C.M., 2016, INT J DES NAT ECODYN, V11, P107
Title: using a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) is a well_known example of a
COMPLEX_SYSTEM. CLASSICAL_COMPUTING technologies have shown little
success in MODELING COMPLEX_SYSTEMS. however, a LARGE_BODY of RESEARCH in
multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) TECHNOLOGY has demonstrated how COMPLEX_SYSTEMS
can be modeled to GENERATE_SMART_SOLUTIONS, which could not be done
otherwise. we have researched on the DESIGN and DEVELOPMENT of MAS for
SCM. in this solution, each phase in the SUPPLY_CHAIN has been developed
as an AGENT enabling COMMUNICATION, COORDINATION and NEGOTIATION among
the AGENTS to achieve intended BUSINESS_GOALS. the study investigated
DECENTRALIZED COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING_ARCHITECTURE and AGENTS are attached
to DIFFERENT_CONTAINERS of the SYSTEM. the CONTAINERS have been
implemented using a JAVA_AGENT_DEVELOPMENT_FRAMEWORK (JADE) and consist
of DIVERSE_METHODS to SUPPORT_COLLABORATION in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT. AGENTS have DIFFERENT_BEHAVIORS and their
decisions are based on defined ONTOLOGY. the identified KEY_ROLES in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN are RAW_MATERIAL_SUPPLIERS, MANUFACTURERS, DISTRIBUTORS and
RETAILERS. they perform AUTONOMOUS_TASKS with COLLABORATION to accomplish
FINAL_CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION.  2016 WIT_PRESS.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 80
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Deshmukh J., 2022, FRONT ROBOT  AI, V9
Title: COMPUTATIONAL_TRANSCENDENCE: RESPONSIBILITY and AGENCY
Abstract:
```
EMERGENCE of RESPONSIBLE_BEHAVIOR is explored in non_cooperative games
involving AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS. rather than imposing constraints or
EXTERNAL_REINFORCEMENTS, AGENTS are endowed with an ELASTIC_SENSE of self
or an ELASTIC_IDENTITY that they curate based on RATIONAL_CONSIDERATIONS.
this approach is called COMPUTATIONAL_TRANSCENDENCE (ct). we show that
AGENTS using this MODEL make choices for COLLECTIVE_WELFARE instead of
INDIVIDUAL_BENEFIT. first, relevance of this MODEL in
GAME_THEORETIC_CONTEXTS like PRISONERS_DILEMMA and collusion is
presented. next, a generic multi_agent framework for simulating dilemmas
around RESPONSIBLE_AGENCY is also proposed. ct implemented on this
framework, is shown to be versatile in acting responsibly to
DIFFERENT_KINDS of circumstancesincluding modifying their STRATEGY based
on their INTERACTION with other AGENTS in the SYSTEM as well as
interacting with adversaries that are RATIONAL_MAXIMIZERS, and who have a
rationale to exploit RESPONSIBLE_BEHAVIOR from other AGENTS. ct is also
shown to OUTPERFORM_RECIPROCITY as a STRATEGY for RESPONSIBLE_AUTONOMY.
thus, we PRESENT_CT as a framework for building AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS which
can intrinsically act responsibly in multi_agent systems. the CORE_MODEL
for COMPUTATIONAL_ETHICS presented in this paper can potentially be
adapted to the needs of APPLICATIONS in areas like SUPPLY_CHAINS,
TRAFFIC_MANAGEMENT, and AUTONOMOUS_VEHICLES. this paper hopes to motivate
further RESEARCH on RESPONSIBLE_AI, by exploring computational MODELING
of this ELUSIVE_CONCEPT called the sense of self that is a
CENTRAL_ELEMENT of EXISTENTIAL_INQUIRY in humans. copyright  2022
deshmukh and srinivasa.
```

--

Record-No: 236
Citations: 6
Record-ID: De Souza Henriques R., 2019, J INTELL MANUF, V30, P1009
Title: MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM approach applied to a MANUFACTURERS SUPPLY_CHAIN using
GLOBAL_OBJECTIVE_FUNCTION and LEARNING_CONCEPTS
Abstract:
```
the SUPPLY_CHAIN_EFFICIENCY is essential to guarantee the
PRODUCER_COMPETITIVENESS. as this ENVIRONMENT_ENCOMPASSES
INTELLIGENT_ACTORS, it can be MODEL as a multi_agent SYSTEM. in order to
evaluate the INTERACTIONS, COMPETITION, strategies and their consequences
in this context, this STUDY_AIMS to analyze the multi_agent SYSTEM
approach applied in a MANUFACTURERS SUPPLY_CHAIN, considering a
PULL_PRODUCTION_SYSTEM. then, this study starts with the
LITERATURE_REVIEW about multi_agent systems and ITS application to
SUPPLY_CHAIN. after, the proposed SYSTEM is explained, describing ITS
ARCHITECTURE, ORGANIZATION, objectives, NEGOTIATION and LEARNING_ASPECTS.
all the assumptions, INDIVIDUAL_OBJECTIVE_FUNCTIONS and
GLOBAL_OBJECTIVE_FUNCTIONS are presented in this section. following, the
INTERACTIONS and IMPLEMENTATIONS_ASPECTS are addressed. the
NEGOTIATION_DESIGN was inspired in the MONOTONIC_CONCESSION_PROTOCOL and
the DUTCH_AUCTIONS. the AGENTS_LEARNING_ASPECT is broached by the
_greedy HEURISTIC. finally, the EXPERIMENTS_DESIGN, results and
conclusions are presented. the results show the AGENTS_BEHAVIOR and the
OVERALL_SYSTEM_EVALUATION.  2017, springer science+business media
NEW_YORK.
```

--

Record-No: 155
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Liu S., 2021, IFACPAPERSONLINE, V54, P825
Title: ENTERPRISE_PLATFORM of LOGISTICS_SERVICES based on a MULTI_AGENTS
mechanism and BLOCKCHAINS
Abstract:
```
we present a multi_agent mechanism and BLOCKCHAINS_PLATFORM dedicated to
LOGISTICS_SERVICES and activities, which allows controlling the use of
connected objects via an INTERNET of THINGS_STRUCTURE. the proposed
platform allows DECENTRALIZATION through a peer_to_peer COMMUNICATION
offered by BLOCKCHAINS capable of smart CONTRACTING, as well as
centralization with the multi_agent SYSTEM permitting to provide a more
robust GLOBAL_MECHANISM to secure the INTERNET of THINGS_NETWORK and
involved ENTERPRISES. indeed, the DECENTRALIZED PART_ENHANCES the
EFFICIENCY (SECURITY, RELIABILITY, simplicity, etc.). the centralized
part allows facilitating the complete and optimized MANAGEMENT of the
INTERNET of THINGS_NETWORK in terms of uses, reallocations or
modifications but also in terms of ECONOMIC_BENEFITS for users. in this
paper, we develop the COMPLETE_ARCHITECTURE of the proposed platform and
connection between multi_agent SYSTEM, BLOCKCHAINS, CLOUD_SYSTEM,
connected objects and users and detail the first level of relationships
between AGENTS. we also explain the links between all elements and the
functioning of our proposed ENTERPRISE_PLATFORM.  2021 the authors. this
is an OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE under the cc by_nc_nd license
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0)
```

--

Record-No: 130
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Baena B., 2020, IEEE INT SMART CITIES CONF ISC2
Title: ADAPTING_FOOD SUPPLY_CHAINS in SMART_CITIES to address the impacts of
covid19 a CASE_STUDY from guadalajara METROPOLITAN_AREA
Abstract:
```
this ARTICLE_FOCUSES on the food SUPPLY_CHAIN and aligns with the united
nations SUSTAINABLE_DEVELOPMENT_GOAL of ZERO_HUNGER. they are looking to
avoid FOOD_WASTE where SMART_CITIES must work. FOOD_WASTE requires
INNOVATION with TECHNOLOGY to change consumer'S behaviors, efficient
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT, and INNOVATIVE_FOOD_PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS not to
harm the ENVIRONMENT. among the ECONOMIC_IMPACT, water and
CARBON_FOOTPRINT_AFFECTS VITAL_PERFORMANCE_INDICATORS into a SMART_CITY.
hence, this WORK_CONSIDERS water and CARBON_FOOTPRINT, as well as
ECONOMIC_IMPACT. we contribute to the SMART_CITIES, providing a
multi_agent SIMULATION able to be scaled with an ONTOLOGY with the
purpose to plot DIFFERENT_SCENARIOS to STAKEHOLDERS in a SMART_CITY and
help to avoid FOOD_WASTE_SITUATIONS. to simplify the SIMULATION, as
PRELIMINARY_WORK, we used a TYPICAL_FOOD in guadalajara
METROPOLITAN_AREA, which is a taco. the MODEL covers a community in the
ZAPOPAN_MUNICIPALITY, where a developed URBAN_STUDY is the first proof of
the SYSTEM'S concept. furthermore, based on the SIMULATION_SCENARIOS fed
with real, LOCAL_DATA, we discussed how we can integrate this multi_agent
platform to face covid_19. finally, we want to help FAMILY_BUSINESSES on
the food SUPPLY_CHAIN using INFORMATION_TECHNOLOGIES and applying
DIGITAL_PROCESSES to better adapt to NEW_OPERATION_RULES since covid_19
to fight FOOD_WASTE since covid_19.   2020 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 240
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Drakaki M., 2019, VEHITS PROC INT CONF VEH TECHNOL INTELL TRANSPORT SYST,
P621
Title: a MULTI_AGENT based DECISION_FRAMEWORK for
SUSTAINABLE_SUPPLIER_SELECTION, ORDER_ALLOCATION and ROUTING_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN_DECISIONS should aim for SUSTAINABILITY, in order to meet
the GLOBAL_MARKET_NEEDS, as well as the INDUSTRY_4.0 requirements,
therefore they should consider beyond economic and environmental,
SOCIETAL_DIMENSIONS as well. the COMPLEXITY in DECISION_MAKING_INCREASES,
moreover, SUPPLY_NETWORK relationships become important, including
inter_relationships and those developed with the SUPPLIERS.
AGENT_TECHNOLOGY is compatible with INDUSTRY_4.0, whereas multi_agent
systems (MAS) can provide DECISION_SUPPORT for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
and MODEL the relatationships and INTERACTIONS between entities in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT. therefore, in this paper, a mas_based framework
is proposed to ADDRESS_SUSTAINABILITY focused DECISION_MAKING in
SUPPLIER_SELECTION, ORDER_ALLOCATION and routing.
FUZZY_MULTI_CRITERIA_DECISION_MAKING (MCDM) approaches and
multi_objective programming are used by the AGENTS in the MAS in order to
ADRESS_SUSTAINABILITY_REQUIREMENTS. futrhermore, developed AGENT_SERVICES
for the SUPPLY_CHAIN_BUSINESS_PROCESSES are integrated with WEB_SERVICES,
in order to FACILITATE_BUSINESS_PROCESS_EXECUTION as WEB_SERVICES.  2019
by scitepress _ science and TECHNOLOGY_PUBLICATIONS, lda.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 313
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Laouadi M.A., 2017, MULTIAGENT GRID SYST, V13, P395
Title: a FORMAL_FRAMEWORK for ORGANIZATION  centered MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
specification: a rewriting LOGIC based approach
Abstract:
```
FORMAL_SEMANTICS provide PRECISE_SPECIFICATIONS of the expected behavior
of ORGANIZATIONAL_MODEL based on multi_agent SYSTEM, allowing users to
understand them and also modelers to reason about them and to prove their
correctness. a first step was described to provide a
FORMAL_SPECIFICATION_FRAMEWORK among organization_centered multi_agent
SYSTEM by using an existing rewriting LOGIC_LANGUAGE called MAUDE to
translate ORGANIZATIONAL_MODELS, which allows addressing these issues.
SUCH_FORMALIZATION provides ADDITIONAL_BENEFITS, such as enabling the
SIMULATION of the SPECIFICATIONS or giving access to the MAUDE_TOOLKIT to
reason about them. in this paper, MAUDE was used to formally describe
agent_group_role_based_organization SPECIFICATIONS. the proposed
framework could, in fact, be used as is or with some extensions to
describe other AGENT_ORGANIZATION_MODELS. actually, the results of
precedent works [31,32] were synthesized with ADDITIONAL_EXTENSIONS
related to the FORMAL_DESCRIPTION of the agent_group_role MODEL. this
approach is illustrated using the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM)
CASE_STUDY.  2017 _ IOS_PRESS and the authors. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 390
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Hsieh F.-S., 2016, PROC THE INT CONF INTELL SYST KNOWL ENG ISKE, P252
Title: SCHEDULING sustainable SUPPLY_CHAINS based on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS and
WORKFLOW_MODELS
Abstract:
```
GLOBAL_COMPETITION, ever SHORTER_PRODUCT_LIFE_CYCLES and pressure from
ENVIRONMENTAL_PROTECTION are forcing COMPANIES to explore more agile and
sustainable SUPPLY_CHAIN practices. motivated by these needs, this
PAPER_AIMS to study how to achieve AGILITY in sustainable SUPPLY_CHAINS
by exploiting the state of the ART_INFORMATION_TECHNOLOGIES. our goal is
to develop ARCHITECTURE and propose a SOLUTION_METHODOLOGY to endow the
actors with the ability to configure sustainable SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK
quickly, flexibly and COST effectively. managing workflows in sustainable
SUPPLY_CHAINS is a CHALLENGING_ISSUE due to the COMPUTATIONAL_COMPLEXITY
involved, distributed ARCHITECTURE and DEPENDENCY among
DIFFERENT_PARTNERS' workflows. to respond to these challenges, we propose
a framework to achieve coherent and CONSISTENT_WORKFLOWS that can meet
ORDER_REQUIREMENTS based on multi_agent systems (MAS). to achieve
SUSTAINABILITY and reduce the COST and time involved in
SOFTWARE_DEVELOPMENT, we propose an approach that combines
CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL, WORKFLOW_MODELS and OPTIMIZATION_THEORY. we
implement a PROTOTYPE_SYSTEM based on INDUSTRIAL_STANDARDS, including
fipa and the PETRI_NET_WORKFLOW_SPECIFICATION_MODEL. we illustrate the
benefits of our approach by an APPLICATION_SCENARIO.  2015 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 393
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Ghadimi P., 2015, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF, V2015-January, P1132
Title: masos: a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM SIMULATION_FRAMEWORK for
SUSTAINABLE_SUPPLIER_EVALUATION and ORDER_ALLOCATION
Abstract:
```
PURCHASING ACTIVITIES_CONSUME more than half of MANUFACTURING and trading
ORGANIZATIONS_SALES_CAPITALS. EFFECTIVE_PROCUREMENT is tied with
efficient and highly ACCURATE_COLLECTION of data needed for PURCHASING
the RIGHT_MATERIAL with the ACCEPTABLE_QUALITY from
APPROPRIATE_SUPPLIERS. SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) consists of
COMPLEX_NETWORKS of distributed actors in which the problem of
identifying the APPROPRIATE_SUPPLIERS and allocating
OPTIMAL_ORDER_QUANTITIES based on the TRIPLE_BOTTOM_LINE (tbl) attributes
is strategically important. however, implementation of an autonomous and
AUTOMATED_ASSESSMENT that can INCORPORATE_DYNAMICS and UNCERTAINTY of the
whole SUPPLY_CHAIN during the ASSESSMENT_PERIOD is not addressed. in the
CURRENT_RESEARCH_PAPER, a NOVEL_FRAMEWORK is designed and proposed to
narrow the AFOREMENTIONED_GAP. AGENT_TECHNOLOGY has been incorporated in
the developed framework to decrease the SUPPLIER_CHAIN_UNCERTAINTY by
decreasing HUMAN_INTERACTIONS and automating the PROCESS of
SUPPLIER_EVALUATION and ORDER_ALLOCATION.  2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 322
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Wang Y./2, 2015, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V362, P305
Title: MULTI_AGENT based INTELLIGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT, the information will help to quantify the
value of the implementation of STRATEGIC_COORDINATION and
INFORMATION_SHARING between SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS. for this reason, we
discussed the use of MODELING through AGENTS, the AGENT_STRUCTURE,
AGENT_INTERACTION, and decision_making and OPERATIONAL_PROCESS between
agent_based SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM, etc. based on all above RESEARCH, we
simulate and analyze the INTELLIGENT_COORDINATION_ALGORITHM_PROCESSES and
ITS influence to the whole SUPPLY_CHAIN values.  springer_verlag berlin
heidelberg 2015.
```

--

Record-No: 173
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Matsuda M., 2021, PROCEDIA CIRP, V104, P351
Title: use of virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN constructed by CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS concept
Abstract:
```
this RESEARCH_PROJECT_AIMS to provide a COMMON_METHODOLOGY for
constructing a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN as a field to determine more
APPROPRIATE_ACTION for each COMPONENT_ENTERPRISE. describing method for
an ENTERPRISE_MODEL including BEHAVIOR_DESCRIPTION and SHARING them as an
ENTERPRISE e_catalog have been proposed. in this paper, the
AGENT_PROGRAM_CODES for each ENTERPRISE are AUTOMATICALLY_GENERATED from
the RETAILER, manufacturer and SUPPLIER_MODELS selected from the
e_catalogs, and the virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN is configured as a multi_agent
SYSTEM by connecting them. TEST_SIMULATIONS are performed to verify
whether this virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN operates correctly and produces
APPROPRIATE_RESULTS.  2021 elsevier b.v.. all rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 157
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Kamiebisu R., 2022, PROCEDIA CIRP, V107, P687
Title: use cases of the platform for structuring a smart SUPPLY_CHAIN in
discrete MANUFACTURING
Abstract:
```
it has been proposed a method of constructing a SUPPLY_CHAIN in the
CYBER_SPACE as a multi_agent SYSTEM by linking ENTERPRISE_AGENTS which is
generated from each MODEL of the COMPONENT_ENTERPRISE in a SUPPLY_CHAIN,
by authors. based on the proposed method, a prototype of the CPS_PLATFORM
for smart SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION has been implemented for discrete
MANUFACTURING. by using this platform, it is possible to register MODELS
of RETAILER, manufacturer and SUPPLIER_ENTERPRISES with
DIFFERENT_BEHAVIOR_TYPES, as an ENTERPRISE e_catalog. furthermore, it is
also possible to configure VARIOUS_VIRTUAL SUPPLY_CHAINS by changing the
combination of ENTERPRISES. on the configured SUPPLY_CHAIN, it can
simulate the behavior from the viewpoints of each ENTERPRISE and an
entire SUPPLY_CHAIN. several use cases of the platform have been
executed. these use cases and their considerations are provided
USEFUL_FINDINGS towards CONSTRUCTION of a further PRACTICAL_CPS_PLATFORM
for a smart SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION.  2022 the authors. published by
elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 177
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Tajima E., 2020, J ADV MECH DES SYST MANUF, V14
Title: effect of PICKER_CONGESTION on TRAVEL_TIME in an order picking OPERATION
Abstract:
```
in RECENT_YEARS, CUSTOMER_NEEDS have diversified and COMPANIES have been
forced to deliver products quickly to their CUSTOMERS.
DISTRIBUTION_WAREHOUSES play an IMPORTANT_ROLE in improving the
EFFICIENCY of the entire SUPPLY_CHAIN, and improving the EFFICIENCY of
the ORDER_PREPARATION_OPERATION, otherwise known as order picking, is
therefore essential. this RESEARCH_MODELS an order picking OPERATION in
which two or more pickers are operating simultaneously, and the
OPTIMAL_DESIGN for OPERATION_EFFICIENCY is analyzed. here, the
PICKER_TARGETS multi_picking, which entails the collection of
MULTIPLE_PRODUCTS in one tour, and the picker always selects the
SHORTEST_ROUTE for collecting the products. in this RESEARCH, the
behavior of the pickers is modeled using a multi_agent SYSTEM, such that
MULTIPLE_PICKERS pass one another in the WAREHOUSE and a CONFLICT due to
EXCESSIVE_CONGESTION is reproduced. the effect prompted by changes to
both the layout and the STORAGE_ASSIGNMENT using the AFOREMENTIONED_MODEL
was clarified. the SIMULATION_RESULTS show that an
OPTIMAL_WAREHOUSE_DESIGN based on WAREHOUSE_CHARACTERISTICS (picking
AREA_SIZE and differences in the DEMAND_FREQUENCY of each product) and
the number of pickers operating simultaneously significantly affects the
EFFICIENCY of the order picking OPERATION. furthermore, it is possible to
reduce PICKER_TRAVEL_TIME by using the CLASS_STORAGE_METHOD. the greater
the difference in the DEMAND_FREQUENCY of each product, the greater the
effect.  2020 the JAPAN_SOCIETY of MECHANICAL_ENGINEERS
```

--

Record-No: 287
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Bemthuis R.H., 2019, PROC IEE INT ENTERPRISE DISTRIB OBJ COMPUT WORKSHOP
EDOCW, V2019-October, P190
Title: BUSINESS_LOGIC for resilient SUPPLY_CHAIN LOGISTICS
Abstract:
```
TECHNOLOGICAL_ADVANCEMENTS of emerging paradigms such as
INTERNET_OF_THINGS have enabled NEW_MODES of SYSTEM_DESIGN. the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_LOGISTICS_DOMAIN can BENEFIT significantly from advances in
MONITORING and detection of EMERGENT_BEHAVIOR. this
DOCTORAL_RESEARCH_AIMS to investigate how techniques and
ENTERPRISE_ARCHITECTURES can be used in order to improve the RESILIENCE
of LOGISTICS SUPPLY_CHAIN environments. one of the FOCUS_AREAS is the
MANAGEMENT and improvement of BUSINESS_LOGIC. the
FORESEEN_CONTRIBUTIONS_RELATE to three BUSINESS_LOGIC_DESIGN_ASPECTS.
first is the allocation and SCHEDULING of BUSINESS_LOGIC_TASKS. the next
contribution is related to extracting meaning from COLOSSAL_VOLUMES of
data by accommodating DATA_ANALYTIC_METHODS. the last
CONTRIBUTION_EVALUATES_HIERARCHICAL_SOFTWARE_ARCHITECTURES and the
underlying system_wide and
INDIVIDUAL_LOGISTICS_BUSINESS_PROCESS_PERFORMANCE. advise is sought on
the PROSPECTIVE_ROLE_BUSINESS_LOGIC can play to improve real_time
decision_making in SUPPLY_CHAIN LOGISTICS.  2019 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 205
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Lee Y.S./1, 2019, INF SYST EBUS MANAGE, V17, P117
Title: application of ADAPTIVE_STRATEGY for SUPPLY_CHAIN AGENT
Abstract:
```
with the TREMENDOUS_INCREASE in the globalization of trade the
corresponding SUPPLY_CHAINS supporting the MANUFACTURE, DISTRIBUTION and
SUPPLY of goods has become extremely complex. INTELLIGENT_AGENTS can help
with the problem of EFFECTIVE_MANAGEMENT of these complex SUPPLY_CHAINS.
in this paper we introduce the DESIGN, implementation and testing of an
INTELLIGENT_AGENT for handling PROCUREMENT, CUSTOMER_SALES, and
SCHEDULING of PRODUCTION in a stylized SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT. the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT used in this paper is modeled after the trading
AGENT_COMPETITION that is held annually to choose the best AGENT for
managing a SUPPLY_CHAIN. our SUPPLY_CHAIN AGENT, which we call scmaster,
uses DYNAMIC_INVENTORY_CONTROL and
VARIOUS_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_TECHNIQUES like q_learning, softmax,
_greedy, and sliding WINDOW_PROTOCOL to make our AGENT_ADAPT dynamically
to the CHANGING_ENVIRONMENT created by competing AGENTS. a multi_agent
SIMULATION_ENVIRONMENT is developed in JAVA to test the efficacy of our
AGENT_DESIGN. two competing AGENTS are created modeled after the winners
of past trading AGENT_COMPETITIONS and are tested against our AGENT in
VARIOUS_EXPERIMENTAL_DESIGNS. results of SIMULATIONS show that our AGENT
has better PERFORMANCE compared to the other AGENTS.  2018,
springer_verlag gmbh GERMANY, part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 269
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Sahnoun M., 2019, PROC INT CONF APPL AUTOM IND DIAGN ICAAID
Title: fractal MODELING of cyber PHYSICAL_PRODUCTION_SYSTEM using
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
this paper proposes a MODELING based multi_agent SYSTEM to simulate a
PRODUCTION_WORKSHOP considered as a cyber_physical SYSTEM (cps). a
cyber_physical PRODUCTION_SYSTEM (cpps) is a FUNDAMENTAL_COMPONENT of
INDUSTRY_4.0, which strongly influences how workshops make PRODUCTION and
how the entire SUPPLY_CHAIN is designed, managed and supervised. indeed,
the use of systems combining PHYSICAL_COMPONENTS with other devices of
computing and DATA_PROCESSING and storage offers intelligence to these
organs and opens the field of studying several problems related to the
MODELLING of these systems and their SUPERVISION_PROCESS in
PRODUCTION_WORKSHOPS. in this paper, we propose a multi_agent fractal
ARCHITECTURE to represent the workshop and ITS COMPONENTS as well as ITS
application to the TRANSPORT_TASK in FLEXIBLE_PRODUCTION_WORKSHOPS.  2019
ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 204
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Chen C., 2018, MATH PROBL ENG, V2018
Title: a NEGOTIATION_OPTIMIZATION_STRATEGY of COLLABORATIVE_PROCUREMENT with
SUPPLY_CHAIN based on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
in the PROCESS of COLLABORATIVE_PROCUREMENT, buyers and SUPPLIERS are
prone to CONFLICT in COOPERATION due to differences in needs and
preferences. NEGOTIATION is a CRUCIAL_WAY to resolve the CONFLICT. aimed
at ameliorating the situations of underdeveloped self_adaptive LEARNING
effect of CURRENT_COLLABORATIVE_PROCUREMENT_NEGOTIATION, this
PAPER_CONSTRUCTS a NEGOTIATION_MODEL based on multi_agent SYSTEM and
proposes a NEGOTIATION_OPTIMIZATION_STRATEGY combined with
MACHINE_LEARNING. it provides a NOVEL_PERSPECTIVE for the analysis of
INTELLIGENT_SCM. the EXPERIMENTAL_RESULTS suggest that the proposed
STRATEGY_IMPROVES the SUCCESS_RATE of self_adaptive LEARNING and
JOINT_UTILITY of AGENTS compared with the STRATEGY of single
LEARNING_MACHINE, and it achieves win_win COOPERATION between PURCHASING
ENTERPRISE and supplier.  2018 CHOUYONG_CHEN and CHAO_XU.
```

--

Record-No: 300
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Yingjie S., 2018, J INTELLIGENT FUZZY SYST, V35, P2731
Title: quality and SAFETY_TRACEABILITY_SYSTEM of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS based on
MULTI_AGENT
Abstract:
```
as ESSENTIAL_CONSUMER_GOODS for DAILY_LIFE, AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS tend to
go bad from the farm to the table. therefore, people put forward higher
requirements for the quality of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS. how to manage and
CONTROL the quality of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS and to CONTROL the quality
of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS by CHAIN_TYPE are the cores of
SCIENTIFIC_RESEARCH. the purpose of combining AGENT_TECHNOLOGY with
AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCT_QUALITY_SAFETY_TRACEABILITY_SYSTEM was to establish
the quality and SAFETY_TRACEABILITY_SYSTEM of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS based
on multi_agent in the study. ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE, INTELLIGENT_CONTROL
and INTELLIGENT_DETECTION_TECHNOLOGIES were used effectively in the
SYSTEM. the framework of quality and SAFETY_TRACEABILITY_SYSTEM of
AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS proposed in this study can be used to
ANALYZE_MODULES in the quality of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS. through a number
of AGENT refining divisions of labor, the QUALITY_SAFETY EARLY_WARNING
and SUPERVISION_CONTROL for the SUPPLY_CHAIN of AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS was
carried out. the PERFORMANCE_EVALUATION_SYSTEM of
AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCT_QUALITY_SAFETY_TRACEABILITY_SYSTEM based on
multi_agent was established, so as to provide a
SYSTEMATIC_EVALUATION_BASIS for the quality SUPPLY of
AGRICULTURAL_PRODUCTS.  2018_ios press and the authors. all rights
reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 311
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Zhou J., 2016, PROC INT SYMP COMPUT INTELL DES ISCID, V1, P592
Title: a combined MODELLING approach for MULTI_AGENT COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING in
global SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
this paper describes the DEVELOPMENT of a combined
COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING_MODEL for global SUPPLY_CHAINS under
ENVIRONMENTAL_DYNAMICS and uncertainties. the proposed approach is based
on multi_agent MODELING of global SUPPLY_CHAINS, and employs a
combination of q_learning, SYSTEM_DYNAMICS, and BAYESIAN_NETWORKS in a
multi_agent ARCHITECTURE. it is enhanced by HEURISTICS_INFORMATION from
FLUCTUATION_ESTIMATIONS of the CRITICAL_STATES_CONTEXT of
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS such as PROCESS lead_time and DEMAND_VARIABLES. the
HEURISTICS are used as CONSTRAINT_INFORMATION for aligning LOCAL_AGENTS
PLANNING with respect to SYSTEM GLOBAL_GOALS, and to navigate the
trade_offs between SATISFYING_DEMAND_SERVICE_LEVELS and COST_GOALS
through the INTERACTION and COORDINATION between AGENTS. through
multi_agent SIMULATIONS, we compare and analyze the
CORRESPONDING_COLLABORATIVE_TACTICS on global SUPPLY_CHAIN PLANNING with
DIFFERENT_PRODUCTS and for DIFFERENT_ENVIRONMENTAL_CONDITIONS.  2015
ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 383
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Ponnambalam L., 2015, PROC INT CONF INTELL AUTON AGENTS NETWORKS SYST
INAGENTSYS, P7
Title: MULTI_AGENT MODELS to study the ROBUSTNESS and RESILIENCE of complex
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
increase in the rate of DISRUPTIVE_EVENTS in the RECENT_TIMES and their
ECONOMIC_IMPLICATIONS on BUSINESS_CONTINUITY have raised the attention in
SUPPLY_CHAIN disruption RESEARCH. effective STRATEGIC_PLANNING during
DISRUPTIONS can be accomplished by assessing the ROBUSTNESS and
RESILIENCE of the existing SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK. this talk will
illustrate the application of multi_agent approach at MODELING
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK as COMPLEX_ADAPTIVE_SYSTEMS and investigating the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK'S STRUCTURAL_CHARACTERISTICS via
SOCIAL_NETWORK_ANALYSIS. the proposed approach provides a better
opportunity to achieve our OBJECTIVE _ to understand the EMERGENCE of
complex SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS, assess the NETWORK_VULNERABILITY after ITS
EMERGENCE and study the ROBUSTNESS, RESILIENCE of the network to
hypothetical internal/external disruptive scenarios. also, the
intelligence of the associated entities, their DECISION_MAKING'S
influence on the network'S emergance, ITS PRODUCTIVITY and ITS
STRUCTURAL_CHARACTERISTICS at the NETWORK_LEVEL will be addressed.
SUPPLY_CHAIN DISRUPTION_MANAGEMENT researchers can use the proposed
approach to evaluate the ROBUSTNESS of their network and assess ITS
RESILIENCE for varying degrees of DISRUPTIONS.  2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 219
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Rahimi N., 2018, IEEE ROBOT AUTOM, V3, P4415
Title: AUCTION bidding methods for MULTIAGENT_CONSENSUS_OPTIMIZATION in SUPPLY
DEMAND_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS are characterized by DECENTRALIZED decision_making by
the (semi)AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS and localized COMMUNICATION or
INFORMATION_EXCHANGE among the neighboring AGENTS. supply_demand NETWORKS
form the backbones of both services and MANUFACTURING_INDUSTRIES, and
need to operate as efficiently as possible to yield optimized returns. in
this letter, we bring the notion of MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS to clustered
supply_demand NETWORKS such that each SUPPLIER_ACTS as an AGENT.
consequently, we adapt consensus_based AUCTION bidding methods to
optimize the assignment of demands to the SUPPLIERS with known
COMMUNICATION_PATHWAYS and RESOURCE_CONSTRAINTS. results on moderately
LARGE_NETWORKS show PROMISING_PERFORMANCE in terms of both
ASSIGNMENT_QUALITY, as given by the OVERALL_DEMAND_DELIVERY_COST and
proportion of assigned demands, and COMPUTATION_TIME.  2018 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 31
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Radisic-Aberger O., 2022, PROC DES SOC, V2, P1689
Title: concept of a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for optimised and automated
ENGINEERING_CHANGE implementation
Abstract:
```
ENGINEERING_CHANGES are necessary to stay competitive, unavoidable and
occur more frequently with increased PRODUCT_COMPLEXITY. currently,
SCHEDULING of ENGINEERING_CHANGES into PRODUCTION and SUPPLY_CHAIN is a
MANUAL_PROCESS. with NEW_POSSIBILITIES in the field of
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE, this publication presents the vision of a
flexible multi_agent SYSTEM with four AGENTS and a single shared
DATABASE. by autonomously SCHEDULING_CHANGES and predicting KPI_IMPACTS
of IMPLEMENTATION_DATES, the agent_system provides ADDITIONAL_CAPACITY
and decision_making support to the organisation.   the author(s), 2022.
```

--

Record-No: 194
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Sara E., 2020, PROC INT CONF LOGIST OPER MANAG GOL
Title: OPTIMIZATION of GREEN_REVERSE_LOGISTICS_NETWORK integrating
ARTIFICIAL_BEE_COLONY_ALGORITHM and MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM: case of
MEDICAL_WASTE
Abstract:
```
GREEN_LOGISTICS_NETWORK_REFERS to a green closed_loop
SUPPLY_CHAIN(gclsc), this network includes regular and reverse
SUPPLY_CHAIN, and with the growing of ENVIRONMENTAL_CONCERNS, the
DECISION_MAKERS was enforced to improve the STRATEGY of operating their
SUPPLY_CHAINS by improving both ECONOMIC_OBJECTIVES and
ENVIRONMENTAL_IMPACTS, nowadays the MEDICAL_WASTE_MANAGEMENT become one
of the IMPORTANT_ISSUES that ATTRACTS_SCIENTISTS, because of the
POTENTIAL_ENVIRONMENTAL_RISKS that can be generated by the mishandled of
the MEDICAL_WASTE. in this MODEL we aim to optimize: (I) the REVERSE_COST
of the network including, collecting, PROCESSING, RECYCLING of
MEDICAL_WASTE and TRANSPORTATION between each level (ii) the
ENVIRONMENTAL_EMISSIONS generated by the WHOLE_SYSTEM, using
ARTIFICIAL_BEE_COLONY_ALGORITHM HYBRID multi_agent SYSTEM  2020 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 456
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Algarvio H., 2014, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V430, P279
Title: RISK_MANAGEMENT and BILATERAL_CONTRACTS in MULTI_AGENT ELECTRICITY
markets
Abstract:
```
in COMPETITIVE_ENERGY_MARKETS, CUSTOMERS can freely choose their
ENERGY_SUPPLIERS. the ELECTRICITY_TRADE can be done in organized markets
or using BILATERAL_CONTRACTS between CUSTOMERS and SUPPLIERS. in the
latter case, MARKET_PARTICIPANTS set the terms and conditions of
agreements independent of the MARKET_OPERATOR. they often enter into
BILATERAL_CONTRACTS to hedge against POOL_PRICE_VOLATILITY. furthermore,
these CONTRACTS are very flexible since the negotiating parties can
specify their OWN_CONTRACT_TERMS. this ARTICLE_FOCUSES on bilateral
trading and presents the key features of SOFTWARE_AGENTS able to
negotiate forward BILATERAL_CONTRACTS. SPECIAL_ATTENTION is devoted to
RISK_MANAGEMENT in BILATERAL_CONTRACTING, notably UTILITY_FUNCTIONS and
TRADING_STRATEGIES for dealing with risk. the ARTICLE also presents a
CASE_STUDY on forward BILATERAL_CONTRACTING involving RISK_MANAGEMENT: a
RETAILER_AGENT and an INDUSTRIAL_CUSTOMER_AGENT negotiate a 24h_rate
tariff.  springer international publishing switzerland 2014.
```

--

Record-No: 147
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Swain S., 2022, IEEE INT CONF BLOCKCHAIN DISTRIB SYST SECUR ICBDS
Title: a distributed AGENT oriented framework for BLOCKCHAIN enabled
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
BLOCKCHAIN has emerged as a leading TECHNOLOGICAL_INNOVATION because of
ITS INDISPUTABLE_SAFETY and services in a distributed setup. APPLICATIONS
of BLOCKCHAIN are rising covering varied fields such as
FINANCIAL_TRANSACTIONS, SUPPLY_CHAINS, MAINTENANCE of LAND_RECORDS, etc.
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT is a POTENTIAL_AREA that can immensely BENEFIT
from BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGY (bct) along with SMART_CONTRACTS, making
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS more reliable, safer, and trustworthy for all ITS
STAKEHOLDERS. however, there are numerous challenges such as SCALABILITY,
COORDINATION, and safety_related issues which are yet to be resolved.
multi_agent systems (MAS) offer a completely NEW_DIMENSION for
SCALABILITY, COOPERATION, and COORDINATION in distributed CULTURE. MAS
consists of a collection of automated AGENTS who can perform a
SPECIFIC_TASK intelligently in a distributed ENVIRONMENT. in this work,
an attempt has been made to develop a framework for implementing a
multi_agent SYSTEM for a large_scale product MANUFACTURING SUPPLY_CHAIN
with BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGY_WHEREIN the AGENTS_COMMUNICATE with each other
to monitor and organize SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS. this framework
eliminates many of the weaknesses of SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS. the
OVERALL_GOAL is to enhance the PERFORMANCE of SCM in terms of
TRANSPARENCY, TRACEABILITY, TRUSTWORTHINESS, and RESILIENCE by using MAS
and bct.   2022 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 142
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Sembiring N., 2020, MECNIT INT CONF MECH ELECTRON COMPUT IND TECHNOL,
P114
Title: developing MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS using AGENT based and
GEOGRAPHIC_INFORMATION_SYSTEM_SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
one of the problems that resulted in the SUPPLY_CHAIN of durian was the
arriving time of the product to costumer. if the product not delivered at
the RIGHT_TIME, the quality of the product will decrease. due to this
situation, the OPTIMIZATION of the LOGISTICS_PROCESS is an
ESSENTIAL_ASPECT of OPERATIONS in the SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM of durian. to
estimate how long the product will arrive to the consumer can be obtained
by performing a REAL_SYSTEM_SIMULATION and a software_based
DIGITAL_SYSTEM. with the help of ANYLOGIC_SOFTWARE, we
MODEL_LOGISTICS_PROCESS_OPTIMIZATION based on DISCRETE_SYSTEMS and
agent_based GEOGRAPHIC_INFORMATION_SYSTEM (gis) SIMULATIONS. the
SIMULATION produces a VISUALIZATION of a REAL_PROCESS_MODEL of the durian
SUPPLY_CHAIN LOGISTICS, order TIME_ESTIMATION, and SUPPLIER_UTILITY in
DURIAN_DISTRIBUTION in north SUMATRA_PROVINCE. estimating MODEL_SHOWS the
estimated time of the order from the farm to the DISTRIBUTOR_LOCATION in
berastagi of 2.43 hours, PADANG_BULAN_MEDAN 4.50 hours, PEMATANG_SIANTAR
3.58 hours, tebing tinggi 4.33 hours, and binjai 4.75 hours.   2020 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 209
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Mekki A.B., 2019, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V164, P245
Title: FUZZY MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH for MONITORING SMES SUSTAINABLE_SC under
UNCERTAINTY
Abstract:
```
in a context of small and MEDIUM_ENTERPRISES (SMES), the concept of
SUSTAINABILITY has become increasingly important within the
DECISION_MAKING_STRATEGIES. the COMPETITIVENESS and UNCERTAIN_ENVIRONMENT
has also a KEY_ROLE for DECISION_MAKERS to find best practices to achieve
SUSTAINABILITY which is concerned with integrating environmental, social
and ECONOMIC_GOALS across a SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROCESS. this paper proposes an
INTELLIGENT_DYNAMIC_SYSTEM driven by AGENTS that INTEGRATES_FUZZY_LOGIC
(fl) and multi_criteria/multi_objective DECISION_MAKING (mc/modm) methods
to highlight the ASSESSMENT_PROCESS of the TRIPLE_BOTTOM_LINE_PERFORMANCE
from a SMALL_SCALE (SMES) to a LARGE_SCALE SUPPLY_CHAIN under
UNCERTAINTY.  2019 the authors. published by elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 21
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Kassa A., 2023, COMPUT IND ENG, V186
Title: ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE_TECHNIQUES for enhancing SUPPLY_CHAIN RESILIENCE:
a SYSTEMATIC_LITERATURE_REVIEW, HOLISTIC_FRAMEWORK, and FUTURE_RESEARCH
Abstract:
```
today'S SUPPLY_CHAINS (SC) have become vulnerable to unexpected and
ever_intensifying DISRUPTIONS from MYRIAD_SOURCES. consequently, the
concept of SUPPLY_CHAIN RESILIENCE (scres) has become crucial to
complement the CONVENTIONAL_RISK_MANAGEMENT_PARADIGM, which has failed to
cope with UNEXPECTED_SC_DISRUPTIONS resulting in SEVERE_CONSEQUENCES
affecting SC_PERFORMANCES and making BUSINESS_CONTINUITY questionable.
advancements in cutting_edge technologies like ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE
(ai) and their potential to ENHANCE_SCRES by improving
CRITICAL_ANTECEDENTS across DIFFERENT_PHASES have attracted the attention
of scholars and practitioners. the RESEARCH from academia and the
PRACTICAL_INTEREST of the INDUSTRY have yielded SIGNIFICANT_PUBLICATIONS
at the nexus of ai and scres during the last two decades. however, the
APPLICATIONS and examinations have been primarily conducted
independently, and the EXTANT_LITERATURE is dispersed into
RESEARCH_STREAMS despite the COMPLEX_NATURE of scres. to bridge this gap,
this study undertakes a SYSTEMATIC_LITERATURE_REVIEW involving 106
peer_reviewed articles. through curation, synthesis, and consolidation of
up_to_date literature, the study presents a COMPREHENSIVE_OVERVIEW of
developments spanning from 2010 to 2022. BAYESIAN_NETWORKS are the most
TOPICAL_ONES among the 13 AI_TECHNIQUES evaluated. concerning the
CRITICAL_ANTECEDENTS, VISIBILITY is the first ranking to be realized by
the techniques. the study revealed that AI_TECHNIQUES_SUPPORT only the
first 3 phases of scres (readiness, response, and RECOVERY), and
readiness is the most popular one, while no evidence has been found for
the GROWTH_PHASE. the study proposed an ai_scres framework to inform
RESEARCH and practice to holistically APPROACH_SCRES. it also provided
implications for practice, POLICY, and THEORY as well as gaps for
impactful FUTURE_RESEARCH.  2023 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 175
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Al-Shamaileh M., 2022, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V306, P49
Title: evaluating TRUST and REPUTATION_MODELS for IOT_ENVIRONMENT
Abstract:
```
the INTERNET_OF_THINGS (IOT) provides advanced services by
interconnecting a HUGE_NUMBER of HETEROGENEOUS_SMART_THINGS (virtual or
PHYSICAL_DEVICES) through existing INTEROPERABLE_INFORMATION and
COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES. due to ITS TENUOUS_NATURE, IOT is vulnerable
to DIFFERENT_TYPES of attacks, which usually LEAD to exposure of secrets
from the node to the attacker, and compromises the authenticity,
integrity, and real_time delivery of data. as such, it is important to
have a TRUST and REPUTATION_MODEL to evaluate the TRUSTWORTHINESS of the
DIFFERENT_PLAYERS in IOT_SETTINGS. trust_based REPUTATION_MODELS have
been developed for this purpose, but to date, no attempts have been made
to compare their PERFORMANCE in an IOT_SETTING. the OBJECTIVE of this
work is to implement a multi_agent framework to simulate a SMART_FACTORY
SUPPLY_CHAIN using iiot and evaluate the PERFORMANCE of three well_known
MODELS: regret, s_iot, and r_d_c in terms of TRUSTWORTHINESS and
CASH_UTILITY. based on our EXPERIMENTS, regret performed the best among
the three MODELS in terms of evaluating TRUSTWORTHINESS and r_d_c gained
the most CASH_UTILITY.  2022, the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to
SPRINGER_NATURE_SINGAPORE_PTE_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 77
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Taghipour A., 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P75
Title: the impact of DIGITALIZATION on SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT: a
LITERATURE_REVIEW
Abstract:
```
challenges that SUPPLY_CHAINS are facing need smooth and
INTELLIGENT_PROCESSES that facilitate the COMMUNICATION between machines
and people in order to create value and achieve a CERTAIN_DEGREE of
AGILITY. the INTERNET_OF_THINGS, BIG_DATA, SMART_FACTORIES and CONTRACTS
are emerging and imposing a NEW_BUSINESS_MODEL to COMPANIES. to create a
value in SUPPLY_CHAINS it is crucial to optimize all ITS activities. this
PAPER_SHOWS the role of DIGITAL_ENABLERS in increasing the PERFORMANCE of
ITS constituents and how DIGITALIZATION_AFFECTS the PROFITABILITY of
these activities individually and collectively.   2022 acm.
```

--

Record-No: 183
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Clark T., 2020, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO SOLVE PERVASIVE INTERNET
THINGS ISSUES, P211
Title: adaptive COMPLEX_SYSTEMS: DIGITAL_TWINS
Abstract:
```
the DESIGN, CONTROL, and MAINTENANCE of COMPLEX_SYSTEMS are a challenge.
often it is difficult to understand the whole_system behavior because the
KNOWLEDGE of COMPONENT_BEHAVIOR and INTERACTION is uncertain.
SUCH_SYSTEMS are often deployed into DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENTS whose behavior
is liable to change. this CHAPTER_REVIEWS the features of COMPLEX_SYSTEMS
and proposes an approach based on creating DIGITAL_TWINS of systems that
are capable of adaptation. we discuss technologies for DIGITAL_TWINS and
propose that the adaptation should be based on MACHINE_LEARNING. we
provide a SIMPLE_TUTORIAL_EXAMPLE of AGENTS with MACHINE_LEARNING using
our proposed TECHNOLOGY and describe how we have used the TECHNOLOGY to
build a DIGITAL_TWIN for SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS.  2021 ELSEVIER_INC. all
rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 180
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Hasan M., 2020, ICEIS PROC INT CONF ENTERP INF SYST, V1, P498
Title: a meta HEURISTIC based MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH for last
MILE_DELIVERY_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
e_commerce has become a PRIMARY_PART of any country'S ECONOMY, and
seeking MAXIMUM_EFFICIENCY and level of service is an ESSENTIAL_CONCERN
for any corporation in order to stay in business. LOGISTICS has a
SIGNIFICANT_IMPACT on the EFFICIENCY of ONLINE_TRANSACTIONS, especially
with the increasingly COMPETITIVE_DOMAIN with minimal profit margin_left.
thus, the COLLABORATION between many LOGISTICS_SERVICE_PROVIDERS (lsps)
at DIFFERENT_LEVELS has become a DESIRABLE_APPROACH to reduce the
OVERALL_COSTS and increase the UTILIZATION_LEVEL of their RESOURCES. in
this work, we propose a domain_independent multi_agent framework that
allows DIFFERENT_LSPS to plan their OPERATIONS jointly. the
SYSTEM_CONSIDERS the INDIVIDUAL_SATISFACTION of lsps and their profits in
an EGALITARIAN_MANNER while trying to achieve an OVERALL_BENEFIT. we use
DIFFERENT_SEARCH_STRATEGIES for every AGENT as the underlying solving
method, and investigate to what level taking the PERSONAL_INTEREST of
participants will affect the overall shared/ COMMON_GOAL. copyright  2020
by scitepress _ science and TECHNOLOGY_PUBLICATIONS, lda. all rights
reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 174
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Mariani S., 2020, APPL SCI, V10
Title: SPECIAL_ISSUE "MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS": editorial
Abstract:
```
multi_agent systems (MAS) are built around the CENTRAL_NOTIONS of AGENTS,
INTERACTION, and ENVIRONMENT. AGENTS are
AUTONOMOUS_COMPUTATIONAL_ENTITIES able to pro_actively PURSUE_GOALS, and
re_actively adapt to ENVIRONMENT change. in doing so, they leverage on
their social and situated capabilities: interacting with peers, and
perceiving/acting on the ENVIRONMENT. the relevance of MAS is steadily
growing as they are extensively and increasingly used to MODEL, simulate,
and build HETEROGENEOUS_SYSTEMS across many
DIFFERENT_APPLICATION_SCENARIOS and BUSINESS_DOMAINS, ranging from
LOGISTICS to SOCIAL_SCIENCES, from ROBOTICS to SUPPLY_CHAIN, and more.
the reason behind such a widespread and DIVERSE_ADOPTION lies in MAS
GREAT_EXPRESSIVE_POWER in MODELING and actually supporting
OPERATIONAL_EXECUTION of a variety of systems demanding DECENTRALIZED
computations, REASONING_SKILLS, and adaptiveness to change, which are a
perfect fit for MAS CENTRAL_NOTIONS introduced above. this
SPECIAL_ISSUE_GATHERS 11 contributions sampling the many
DIVERSE_ADVANCEMENTS that are currently ongoing in the MAS_FIELD.  2020
by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 246
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Panfilova E., 2020, INT J SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG, V9, P392
Title: SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL of a MANUFACTURING_ENTERPRISE: MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
the WORK_AIMS to develop a SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL (SCM) for a
PRODUCTION_PLANT with limited SUPPLY_CHAINS, depending on the
ENTERPRISE'S orders stock. to identify an AGENTS' COOPERATION_MODEL,
DYNAMIC_INTERACTION within the STOCHASTIC_UNCERTAINTY in the
RAW_MATERIALS SUPPLY and orders for FINISHED_PRODUCTS was modeled using a
multi_agent approach. the COOPERATION_MODEL includes
PRODUCTION_PROCESSES, from the RAW_MATERIALS SUPPLY to the release of
FINISHED_PRODUCTS. it consists of self_sustaining AGENT_BLOCKS describing
the state and DYNAMICS of the PRODUCTION_SYSTEM. the SCM_CONSIDERS the
influence of SUPPLIERS, consumers, and STRUCTURAL_COMPONENTS, allowing
adequately and promptly respond to DISTURBING_MARKET_FACTORS and
contribute to organizational and ECONOMIC_STABILITY of the ENTERPRISE.
the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL is formalized mathematically. it examines
agent_related changes based on the STRATEGY for optimizing material
flows. the STRATEGY in POINT_INVOLVES minimizing deviations from a given
ASSORTMENT_STRUCTURE under CERTAIN_CIRCUMSTANCES.  EXCELINGTECH_PUB.
```

--

Record-No: 255
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Zair F., 2019, INT J SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG, V8, P483
Title: CONCEPTUAL_ARCHITECTURE for AGENT_BASED_MODELLING of SUPPLIER_SELECTION
conducted by a SUPPLY_CHAIN_DYAD
Abstract:
```
within the fourth stage of industrialization, ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE and
in particular the multi_agent systems paradigm is highly adopted. within
the AGENT_APPROACH, the INDUSTRIAL_RESOURCES are defined as
INTELLIGENT_AGENTS that negotiate with each other to implement
DYNAMIC_RECONFIGURATION and reach AGILITY and higher
CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION. in this paper a SMART_CONFIGURATION of the
agent_based SYSTEM for multi_product dyadic SUPPLIER_SELECTION is
proposed. the OBJECTIVE is to SELECT_SUPPLIERS for MULTIPLE_PRODUCTS
simultaneously in a VERTICAL_COLLABORATION_CONTEXT between the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_DYAD and the SUPPLIERS. therefore, the novelty is involving
the customer of the PURCHASING company and considering ITS preferences.
this decision_making SYSTEM includes three steps: a dyadic SUPPLIERS
pre_selection, a dyad_suppliers NEGOTIATION, and a PURCHASING company
FINAL_SELECTION. for INITIAL_VALIDATION of the proposed
CONCEPTUAL_ARCHITECTURE, NEGOTIATION_EXPERIMENTS are conducted.
EXCELINGTECH_PUB, uk.
```

--

Record-No: 367
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Köhler P.N., 2017, IFACPAPERSONLINE, V50, P7947
Title: on exploitation of SUPPLY_CHAIN properties by sequential distributed MPC
Abstract:
```
in this work, we propose a sequential distributed MPC_ALGORITHM for
CONTROL of a linear SUPPLY_CHAIN. the ALGORITHM is developed by closely
taking into account SUPPLY_CHAIN specifics and requirements from
practice, e.g., orders and leavings are both treated as
DECISION_VARIABLES at each stage and COMMUNICATION between stages is kept
low. we present the rather SURPRISING_RESULT that
TERMINAL_EQUALITY_CONSTRAINTS employed in the LOCAL_MPC_FORMULATIONS are
inherently satisfied for the OVERALL_SYSTEM, despite the presence of
BILATERAL_DYNAMIC_COUPLINGS and solving the LOCAL_MPC_PROBLEMS
sequentially. this is due to the stock and FLOW_NATURE of the problem.
the proposed ALGORITHM is shown to be recursively feasible, to
asymptotically satisfy a CONSTANT_CUSTOMER_DEMAND and to achieve
ASYMPTOTIC_CONVERGENCE of the LOCAL_STOCK and backlog to the desired
levels. this is illustrated by NUMERICAL_SIMULATIONS.  2017
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 371
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Memon M.A., 2017, IND MANAGE DATA SYS, V117, P2064
Title: SEMANTIC_TRANSPORTATION_PLANNING for FOOD_PRODUCTS SUPPLY_CHAIN ECOSYSTEM
within DIFFICULT_GEOGRAPHIC_ZONES
Abstract:
```
purpose  in DIFFICULT_GEOGRAPHICAL_ZONES (mountain, intra_cities areas,
etc.), many shippers, from small and MEDIUM_ENTERPRISES to individuals,
may DEMAND_DELIVERY of DIFFERENT_FOOD_PRODUCTS (fresh, refrigerated,
frozen, etc.) in SMALL_QUANTITIES. on the other side, CARRIER_COMPANIES
wish to use their VEHICLES optimally. taking into account the
PERISHABILITY_CONSTRAINTS (short_shelflife, TEMPERATURE_LIMITS, etc.) of
the transported FOOD_PRODUCTS and ENVIRONMENTAL_CONSTRAINTS (POLLUTION,
CARBON_IMPACT) while consolidating MULTIPLE_KINDS of FOOD_PRODUCTS to use
VEHICLES optimally is not achieved by
CURRENT_TRANSPORTATION_PLANNING_SOLUTIONS. the purpose of this paper is
to present an INTEROPERABLE_SOLUTION of a marketplace, formed by shippers
and carriers, dedicated to the SCHEDULE of FOOD_TRANSPORT_ORDERS.
DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/approach  this TRANSPORTATION_PLANNING_SYSTEM named
interoperable_pathfinder, order, vehicle, ENVIRONMENT and supervisor
(i_poves) is an interoperable multi_agent SYSTEM, based on the scep
(supervisor, customer, ENVIRONMENT and producer) MODEL (archimede and
coudert, 2001). ONTOLOGIES are developed to create the
PLANNING_MARKETPLACE comprising demands and offers from DIFFERENT_SOURCES
(MULTIPLE_SHIPPERS and carriers). findings  a HIERARCHY_ONTOLOGY for
FOOD_PRODUCTS. a TRANSPORTER_SYSTEM_ONTOLOGY. a GLOBAL_ONTOLOGY that
contains all shared concepts used by LOCAL_ONTOLOGIES of both shippers
and carriers. i_poves an INTEROPERABLE_MODEL, which
FACILITATES_COLLABORATION between carriers and their shippers through ITS
ACTIVE_AGENTS. PRACTICAL_IMPLICATIONS  i_poves is tested on a CASE_STUDY
from the TECCAS_POCTEFA_PROJECT, comprising TRANSPORT and FOOD_COMPANIES
from both sides of the pyrenees (france and spain). originality/value
there has been much work in the literature on the delivery of products,
but very few on the delivery of FOOD_PRODUCTS. work related to delivery
of FOOD_PRODUCTS_FOCUSES mostly on TIMELY_DELIVERY for avoiding ITS
wastage. in this paper, constraints related to FOOD_PRODUCTS and to
ENVIRONMENT (POLLUTION and CARBON_IMPACT) of TRANSPORT_RESOURCES are
taken into account while PLANNING the delivery.  MUHAMMAD_ALI_MEMON,
mohamed HEDI_KARRAY, AGNES_LETOUZEY and BERNARD_ARCHIMEDE. published by
emerald publishing limited.
```

--

Record-No: 302
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Ottenburger S., 2017, PROC INT CONF INF COMMUN TECHNOL DISASTER MANAG
ICTDM, V2018-January, P1
Title: SIMULATION based STRATEGIC_DECISION_MAKING in humanitarian
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
STRATEGIC_DECISION_MAKING_PLAYS an IMPORTANT_ROLE in DISASTER_MANAGEMENT.
in view of an imminent or already occurring event, e.g. FLOOD, that has
the potential to stress and threaten populated regions, humanitarian
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT is a place where STRATEGIC_DECISION_MAKING_PLAYS
a MAJOR_ROLE. sensible or STRATEGIC_MEASURES have to be developed in
order to MITIGATE_DAMAGES. STRATEGIC_MEASURES should take into account
available and possibly distributed RESOURCES, e.g. VEHICLES, storages and
STREET_NETWORKS, and of course the type of measure against the background
of PROTECTION_GOALS. finding good or SENSIBLE_MEASURES becomes a
HARD_TASK if the menaced REGION_REFERS to a densely populated area, where
the FUNCTIONALITY of STREET_NETWORK has a dynamic feature in terms of the
EMERGENCE of blocked segments. this task gets even harder if the
protection of CERTAIN_CRITICAL_INFRASTRUCTURES also has to be considered.
our work proposes a framework of a DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM that is based
on the synergetic coupling of a CRITICAL_INFRASTRUCTURE and a
TRAFFIC_SIMULATION_MODULE. by defining DIFFERENT_EVENT_SCENARIOS,
DIFFERENT_SIMULATION_RUNS can be triggered beforehand and according to
the DECISION_MAKER'S preferences, SENSIBLE_MEASURES in terms of type of
RESOURCES and routes are stored and displayed to the DECISION_MAKER.
especially simultaneously occurring issues of
DIFFERENT_PROBLEM_CATEGORIES requiring decisions by
VARIOUS_DECISION_MAKERS are addressed.  2017 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 349
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Saoud A., 2017, INT COLLOQ LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG COMPET INNOV AUTOMOB
AERONAUT IND LOGISTIQUA, P160
Title: MODEL of distributed HIERARCHICAL_FRAMEWORK for CARRIER_COLLABORATION
Abstract:
```
the SUPPLY_CHAIN is considered as a network composed of
HETEROGENEOUS_STRUCTURES geographically distributed, that processes a
LARGE_VOLUME of data which change instantly; it makes the task of
LOGISTICS_DECIDERS very complex, hence the need for distributed
INTELLIGENT_SYSTEMS, which provide services capable of absorbing the
COMPLEXITY of SUCH_NETWORKS, and meet the expectations of
LOGISTICS_MANAGERS. in this paper, we will present the most recently used
systems as INTELLIGENT_TRANSPORT_SYSTEMS or even COLLABORATIVE_SYSTEMS
between TRANSPORT_PROVIDERS, such as multi_agent systems, the
PHYSICAL_INTERNET and the INTERNET_OF_THINGS. our contribution in this
paper concerns the proposal of a distributed
HIERARCHICAL_FRAMEWORK_MODEL, composed of four LAYERS, and which will aim
at the creation of a COLLABORATIVE_ENVIRONMENT for the TRANSPORT of
goods.  2017 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 318
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Ballouki I., 2016, PROC IEEE INT CONF LOGIST OPER MANAG GOL
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH for SIMULTANEOUS_DESIGN of a product and ITS
SUPPLY_CHAIN: SUPPLIERS' SELECTION_EXAMPLE
Abstract:
```
in RECENT_DECADES, the SIMULTANEOUS_DESIGN of a product and ITS
SUPPLY_CHAIN has become a trend in the MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY. this
approach, requiring MASSIVE_DATA SHARING that allows DIFFERENT_DESIGNERS
to collaborate in order to choose the best PRODUCT_DESIGN along with ITS
corresponding SUPPLY_CHAIN, taking into ACCOUNT_COST, quality, and time.
to get a SUCCESSFUL_COLLABORATION between designers, a MODEL of
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM is presented. the MODEL is based on a framework
containing two DIFFERENT_LEVELS: PRODUCT_DESIGN_LEVEL and SUPPLY_CHAIN
DESIGN level. this ARCHITECTURE_AIMS to have a better COOPERATION between
designers. since the presented AGENTS are autonomous and have the power
to decide about PRODUCT_DESIGN_CHOICES and SUPPLY_CHAIN CONFIGURATION in
a SIMULTANEOUS_WAY, we present an example based on a multi_objective
approach to select from several PRODUCT_REDESIGNS and among several
SUPPLIERS, the best redesign accompanied by the best SUPPLIERS that
optimize SUPPLY, TRANSPORTATION, storage and quality of COMPONENTS. a
CASE_STUDY is presented in the end to have a better insight of the
proposed MODEL.  2016 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 362
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Hsieh F.-S., 2016, CONF TECHNOL APPL ARTIF INTELL TAAI, P441
Title: LOCATION_AWARE WORKFLOW SCHEDULING in SUPPLY_CHAINS based on
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
in CONSTRUCTION_INDUSTRY, COMPANIES_FORM a SUPPLY_CHAIN to respond to
BUSINESS_OPPORTUNITIES. the COMPLEX_WORKFLOWS, DEPENDENCY between
partners and their LOCATION_POSE a BIG_CHALLENGE in
CONSTRUCTION_PROJECT_MANAGEMENT. how to SCHEDULE_ACTIVITIES to meet the
CONSTRUCTION_PROJECT_REQUIREMENTS under RESOURCE_CONSTRAINTS is an
IMPORTANT_ISSUE. to create a FEASIBLE_SCHEDULE for a
CONSTRUCTION_PROJECT, COMPANIES in a TYPICAL_CONSTRUCTION SUPPLY_CHAIN
need to negotiate with each other. DEVELOPMENT of an
EFFECTIVE_SOFTWARE_SYSTEM to SUPPORT_NEGOTIATION and COLLABORATION
between the partners in a CONSTRUCTION SUPPLY_CHAIN is urgent. execution
of workflows in a CONSTRUCTION_PROJECT usually depends on LOCATION.
although WORKFLOW_MANAGEMENT_PROBLEMS have been extensively studied for
decades, LOCATION_INFORMATION of workflows is rarely taken into account
in existing literature. in this paper, we will study the DEVELOPMENT of a
location_aware WORKFLOW SCHEDULING_SYSTEM for CONSTRUCTION SUPPLY_CHAINS.
we will propose a FLEXIBLE_SCHEDULING_SYSTEM to optimize the
CONSTRUCTION_PROJECT_SCHEDULE based on COLLABORATION of entities/partners
in a CONSTRUCTION SUPPLY_CHAIN. we propose a METHODOLOGY that includes
MODELING of location_aware workflows in CONSTRUCTION_PROJECTS based on
FORMAL_WORKFLOW_MODELS and develop a TECHNIQUE to
TRANSFORM_WORKFLOW_MODELS to formulate and solve a
PROJECT_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM. we propose ARCHITECTURE to implement a
location_aware multi_agent SCHEDULING_SYSTEM based on JADE and
GOOGLE_API. the proposed METHODOLOGY is verified by an example.  2015
ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 386
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Sun J.-Y., 2016, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V22, P2011
Title: evolution of car SUPPLY_CHAIN COMPLEX_ADAPTIVE_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
to explore the evolution of car SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM, a multi_agent
MODELING method was used to simulate and ANALYZE_DATA from the
perspective of a COMPLEX_ADAPTIVE_SYSTEM. the
AGENT_BEHAVIOR_CHARACTERISTICS and OVERALL_STRUCTURE of car SUPPLY_CHAIN
were researched, and a four_layered SUPPLY_CHAIN COMPLEX_SYSTEM_MODEL
with MANUFACTURERS as the core was established on ANYLOGIC7_PLATFORM. the
SIMULATION for NONLINEAR_CHARACTERISTIC and EVOLUTION_RULES of a car
SUPPLY_CHAIN was analyzed. the RESEARCH showed that the SYSTEM exhibited
the TYPICAL_CHARACTERISTICS of a COMPLEX_ADAPTIVE_SYSTEM with
CHAOTIC_MOTION; ITS evolution experienced formation, growth and maturity
over three stages, and the focuses for SUPPLY_CHAIN point of
DIFFERENT_STAGES were also different. this RESEARCH had practical guiding
significance for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT.  2016, EDITORIAL_DEPARTMENT of
cims. all right reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 423
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Zhou L., 2015, INT J HIGH PERFORM COMPUT NETWORKING, V8, P47
Title: MULTI_AGENT based SMART_CARGO tracking SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
CARGO_TRACKING SYSTEM_PLAYS an IMPORTANT_ROLE in LOGISTICS and
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. this paper presents an agent_based
INTELLIGENT_CARGO tracking SYSTEM including AGENT_STRUCTURES and
SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE which is based on the INTERNET_OF_THINGS. at first,
the concept and methods of CARGO_INFORMATION MODELLING are introduced.
CARGO_INFORMATION includes STATIC_INFORMATION and DYNAMIC_INFORMATION.
the CARGO_INFORMATION_MODEL can be used in the WHOLE_LIFE_CYCLE of a
cargo and includes all information needed for LOGISTICS_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT.
then, the CARGO_INFORMATION_CONTENTS and structure are explained prior to
the proposed INTELLIGENT_CARGO tracking SYSTEM. in this SYSTEM, a MODEL
that includes all information needed in LOGISTICS_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT is
used in the tracking of a PRODUCT_LIFECYCLE. the PAPER_ILLUSTRATES the
implementation of the proposed INTELLIGENT_CARGO tracking SYSTEM and ITS
application. effective MONITORING and controlling of the
ENTIRE_CARGO_CONVEYANCE_PROCESS with anytime_anywhere features is
implemented. copyright  2015 INDERSCIENCE_ENTERPRISES_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 109
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Bi M., 2022, IEEE INT CONF AUTOM SCI ENG, V2022-August, P235
Title: a MODEL based MULTI_AGENT_FRAMEWORK to enable an AGILE_RESPONSE to
SUPPLY_CHAIN_DISRUPTIONS
Abstract:
```
due to the covid_19 PANDEMIC, the global SUPPLY_CHAIN is disrupted at an
UNPRECEDENTED_SCALE under uncertain and UNKNOWN_TRENDS of LABOR_SHORTAGE,
HIGH_MATERIAL_PRICES, and changing travel or TRADE_REGULATIONS. to stay
competitive, ENTERPRISES_DESIRE_AGILE and DYNAMIC_RESPONSE_STRATEGIES to
quickly react to DISRUPTIONS and recover supply_chain FUNCTIONS. although
both centralized and multi_agent approaches have been studied, their
implementation requires prior KNOWLEDGE of DISRUPTIONS and
agent_rule_based reasoning. in this paper, we introduce a model_based
multi_agent framework that enables AGENT_COORDINATION and DYNAMIC_AGENT
decision_making to respond to SUPPLY_CHAIN_DISRUPTIONS in an agile and
EFFECTIVE_MANNER. through a small_scale simulated CASE_STUDY, we showcase
the feasibility of the proposed approach under several
DISRUPTION_SCENARIOS that affect a SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK differently, and
analyze PERFORMANCE trade_offs between the proposed distributed and
centralized methods.  2022 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 87
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Huckert J.L., 2024, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P687
Title: analysis and assessment of MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS for PRODUCTION_PLANNING
and CONTROL
Abstract:
```
industrial MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS are controlled by a LARGE_NUMBER of
COMPONENTS hierarchically organized into a so called AUTOMATION_PYRAMID.
changes to systems dynamic and structure are difficult to manage because
of many TECHNOLOGICAL_INTERDEPENDENCIES that might be broken during
RECONFIGURATION. RECENT_REQUIREMENTS for FAST_ADAPTATION to
CUSTOMER_DEMANDS and volatility of SUPPLY_CHAINS DEMAND for NEW_MODULAR
RECONFIGURABLE_PRODUCTION_LINES. while at the MOMENT_INDUSTRY 4.0 focuses
more on standardized INFORMATION_ACCESS and SHARING,
FLEXIBLE_CONTROL_TECHNOLOGY is still weak. ENCAPSULATION of
PRODUCTION_FUNCTIONS within autonomous MANUFACTURING modules enables
NEW_CONTROL_ARCHITECTURES and strategies. in this work we reviewed the
existing multi_agent systems (MASS) for PRODUCTION_PLANNING and CONTROL
to access their applicability to the INDUSTRY_4.0 scenarios. from a
BIG_CORPUS of identified publications in the field of
INDUSTRIAL_MAS_APPLICATIONS we picked only the solution_based
MAS_APPROACHES that focus on PRODUCTION_PLANNING and CONTROL. for this
paper five MAS_ARCHITECTURES were selected for analysis and comparison
according to the specified CLASSIFICATION_CRITERIA. though all the
analyzed architectures are applicable to MODULAR_PRODUCTION, non of them
was implemented as a standard in an ACTUAL_INDUSTRIAL_ENTERPRISE. this
shows that further work on maturing the agent_based technologies in
REAL_INDUSTRIAL_ENVIRONMENTS is needed.  2024, the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 69
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2023, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V3396, P295
Title: LINGUISTIC_CONSTRUCTIONS_TRANSLATION_METHOD based on NEURAL_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
the paper proposes a LINGUISTIC_CONSTRUCTIONS_TRANSLATION_METHOD based on
RECURRENT_NEURAL_NETWORKS. the novelty of the study lies in the fact that
to ensure the INTERACTION of SOFTWARE_AGENTS representing subjects within
SUPPLY_CHAINS, four ARTIFICIAL_NEURAL_NETWORK_MODELS for the TRANSLATION
of the LINGUISTIC_STRUCTURES were created, a criterion for evaluating the
TRAINING_EFFECTIVENESS of the proposed MODELS was selected, and the
parameters of the proposed MODELS were identified based on the
ADAM_METHOD. in the created MODELS, unlike the existing
TRANSLATIONAL_NEURAL_NETWORKS, the decoder does not have FEEDBACK from
the OUTPUT_LAYER to the hidden layer. the developed MODELS and methods
for their PARAMETRIC_IDENTIFICATION make it possible to improve the
ACCURACY of TRANSLATION of NATURAL_LANGUAGE_CONSTRUCTIONS. the created
NATURAL_LANGUAGE_CONSTRUCTIONS_TRANSLATION_METHOD based on
NEURAL_NETWORKS can be used in VARIOUS_INTELLIGENT_COMPUTER_SYSTEMS that
use the TRANSLATION of LINGUISTIC_CONSTRUCTIONS.  2023 copyright for this
paper by ITS authors.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 5
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Gómez-Marín C.G., 2023, PERIOD POLYTECH TRANSP ENG, V51, P409
Title: integrating MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM and MICROSIMULATION for dynamic MODELING
of URBAN_FREIGHT_TRANSPORT
Abstract:
```
this WORK_AIMS to apply an INTEGRATION between a multi_agent SYSTEM and
MICROSIMULATION to take advantage of the LARGE_AMOUNT of data generated
in URBAN_FREIGHT_TRANSPORT to improve the OVERALL_PERFORMANCE of the
urban SUPPLY_CHAIN without forgetting the principles of AUTONOMY that
govern each of ITS actors, responding to the DIFFERENT_DYNAMIC_SCENARIOS
that may arise in the OPERATIONAL_CONTEXT. the INTEGRATION_FRAMEWORK
produces a SATISFACTORY_COMMUNICATION_PROCESS in those MODELING methods
measured by two indexes: THROUGHPUT and latency. the results of this
INTEGRATION_SHOW a ROBUST_RESPONSE to DYNAMIC_SCENARIOS and allow
reacting to the DIFFERENT_QUANTITY of changes without dismissing the
search for OPTIMUM_SOLUTIONS.  2023 BUDAPEST_UNIVERSITY of TECHNOLOGY and
ECONOMICS. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 181
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Anandan R., 2022, HOW COVID19 IS ACCELERATING THE DIGITAL REVOLUT
CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES, P1
Title: how COVID_19 is accelerating the DIGITAL_REVOLUTION: challenges and
opportunities
Abstract:
```
this BOOK_EXPLORES how DIGITAL_TECHNOLOGIES have proved to be a useful
and NECESSARY_TOOL to help ensure that local and REGIONAL_GOVERNMENTS on
the frontline of the emergency can continue to provide
ESSENTIAL_PUBLIC_SERVICES during the covid_19 crisis. indeed, as the
DEMAND for DIGITAL_TECHNOLOGIES grows, local and REGIONAL_GOVERNMENTS are
increasingly committed to improving the lives of their citizens under the
principles of PRIVACY, freedom of expression and democracy. the
DIGITAL_REVOLUTION began between the LATE_1950S and 1970s and represents
the evolution of TECHNOLOGY from the mechanical and analog to the
digital. the advent of DIGITAL_TECHNOLOGY has also changed how
HUMANS_COMMUNICATE today using COMPUTERS, smartphones and the INTERNET.
further, the DIGITAL_REVOLUTION has made a TREMENDOUS_WEALTH of
INFORMATION_ACCESSIBLE to virtually everyone. in turn, the BOOK_FOCUSES
on key challenges for local and REGIONAL_GOVERNMENTS concerning
DIGITAL_TECHNOLOGIES during this crisis, e.g. the balance between PRIVACY
and SECURITY, the digital divide, and accessibility. PRIVACY is a
challenge in the mitigation of covid_19, as governments rely on
DIGITAL_TECHNOLOGIES like contact_tracking apps and BIG_DATA to help
TRACE_PEOPLES_PATTERNS and movements. while these methods are
controversial and may infringe on rights to PRIVACY, they also appear to
be EFFECTIVE_MEASURES for rapidly controlling and limiting the spread of
the virus. next, the BOOK_DISCUSSES the 10 TECHNOLOGY_TRENDS that can
help build a RESILIENT_SOCIETY, as well as their effects on how we do
business, how we work, how we produce goods, how we learn, how we seek
MEDICAL_SERVICES and how we entertain ourselves. lastly, the
BOOK_ADDRESSES a range of diversified technologies, e.g. online shopping
and ROBOT_DELIVERIES, digital and CONTACTLESS_PAYMENTS, REMOTE_WORK,
DISTANCE_LEARNING, TELEHEALTH, ONLINE_ENTERTAINMENT, SUPPLY_CHAIN 4.0, 3d
printing, ROBOTICS_AND_DRONES, 5g, and information and
COMMUNICATIONS_TECHNOLOGY (ict).  the editor(s) (if applicable) and the
author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG
2022.
```

--

Record-No: 44
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Lu M., 2022, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V34, P1185
Title: MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION for online FRESH_FOOD_AUTONOMOUS_DELIVERY;
Abstract:
```
AUTONOMOUS_DELIVERY can solve the last_mile DELIVERY_PROBLEMS of
LOW_EFFICIENCY, HIGH_MANUAL_COST, and POTENTIAL_SAFETY_HAZARD. the
AUTONOMOUS_DELIVERY of the online FRESH_FOOD in URBAN_COMMUNITIES is
discussed and a data_driven agent_based platform with the actual
spatial_temporal DEMAND is built. three kinds of AGENTS including the
AUTONOMOUS_VEHICLES, CUSTOMERS, and DISTRIBUTION_CENTER and the
SIMULATION_ENVIRONMENT based on the ACTUAL_ROAD_NETWORK are construct. to
achieve the objectives of the MINIMUM_TOTAL operating COSTS and
MAXIMUM_CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION, the DIFFERENT_STATIC and
DYNAMIC_ORDER_DISPATCH_STRATEGIES and the ROUTE_PLANNING_STRATEGIES with
the principle of the closest and most urgent are designed and tested.
based on the REAL_ORDER_DATA collected from a FRESH_FOOD e_commerce
platform in shanghai, the SCENARIO_SIMULATION and SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS
are conducted based on the DIFFERENT_STRATEGIES to optimize the
TRANSPORT_CAPACITY_RESOURCE of AUTONOMOUS_VEHICLE.  2022, the
EDITORIAL_BOARD of journal of SYSTEM_SIMULATION. all right reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 143
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Chraibi A., 2021, J INTELL SYST, V28, P601
Title: a MULTI_AGENTS_SYSTEM for solving FACILITY_LAYOUT_PROBLEM: application to
operating theater
Abstract:
```
FACILITY_LAYOUT_PROBLEM (flp) has a GREAT_IMPACT on the EFFICIENCY of any
ORGANIZATION. it is concerned with defining the OPTIMAL_LOCATION for each
facility in order to optimize the SUPPLY_CHAIN_PRODUCTIVITY. in this kind
of problems, the choice of RESOLUTION_APPROACH depends on the COMPLEXITY
and the size of the problem. operating THEATERS are generally
BIG_STRUCTURES containing a lot of facilities, which makes the conception
of their layout a COMPLEX_PROBLEM. in the literature, EXACT_METHODS are
powerless when faced with PROBLEM_SIZES up to 18 facilities. this leads
us to explore other approaches, looking for EFFICIENT_SOLUTIONS. this
paper presents a NOVEL_APPROACH using a multi_agents SYSTEM where AGENTS'
skills are exploited to cover a WIDE_RESEARCH_SPACE, to accelerate the
decision_making PROCESS and to deal with real_life PROBLEM_SIZES. this
decision_making tool is based on several mixed INTEGER_LINEAR programming
MODELS for solving the flp, and considers two types of environments with
deterministic and VARIANT_PATIENT_DEMAND. several EXPERIMENTS have been
performed to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach, and several
PROBLEM_INSTANCES with >80 facilities have been solved in
REASONABLE_TIME.  2019 de gruyter. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 190
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Fiedler A., 2021, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13004 LNCS, P130
Title: AUTOMATED_NEGOTIATION for SUPPLY_CHAIN FINANCE
Abstract:
```
the growing importance of SUPPLY_CHAIN FINANCE and the possibility of
DIGITAL_DESCRIPTIONS for goods and SERVICES_INCREASE the urgency of
providing SOPHISTICATED_SOLUTIONS for automating negotiations in this
area. multi_agent systems TECHNOLOGY plays an ESSENTIAL_ROLE in this
regard. this PAPER_HIGHLIGHTS the specifics of AUTOMATED_NEGOTIATIONS and
describes financial SUPPLY_CHAIN actors as AGENTS. it also describes the
COMPLEXITY of possible SUPPLY_CHAIN FINANCE SOLUTIONS. a scenario for
automated DECISION_MAKING for the best financing option is explained and
the NEGOTIATION_FLOW of a multi_agent SYSTEM implemented in
JAVA_AGENT_DEVELOPMENT_FRAMEWORK is demonstrated. the negotiations, in
the form of an AUCTION, are aimed at minimizing the CAPITAL_COSTS of the
SUPPLY_CHAIN. here, it is important to weigh up whether internal
financing via an investor within the SUPPLY_CHAIN or external financing
via the CAPITAL_MARKET is more advantageous. the DIFFERENT_ROLES of the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_FINANCE_AGENTS_CAPITAL_DEMANDER, investor and CAPITAL_MARKET
are described in detail. the use of so_called helperagents for the
negotiating PARTICIPANTS_CAPITAL_DEMANDER and investor as negotiating
AGENTS within a SUPPLY_CHAIN_FINANCE_NEGOTIATION_PROTOCOL is also
explained.  2021, SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 197
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Shi Z., 2021, RAIRO OPER RES, V55, PS401
Title: INCENTIVE_DESIGN with CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION for BUSINESS_PROCESS
OUTSOURCING: multi task vs. MULTI_AGENT
Abstract:
```
we study the INCENTIVE_DESIGN_DECISION of a firm that outsources ITS
online MARKETING and OPERATIONAL_BUSINESS_LINES to PROFESSIONAL_EXTERNAL
and INTERNAL_SERVICE_PROVIDERS under the PRINCIPALAGENT_FRAMEWORK.
CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION is represented as the composite of the AGENTS'
SALES and quality_control efforts via the DISCONFIRMATION_MODEL, and is
introduced into the DEMAND_MODEL and INCENTIVE_CONTRACTS. two scenarios
corresponding to whether the brand OWNER_DELEGATES_BUSINESS to a single
AGENT or to MULTIPLE_AGENTS are studied. we derive the brand owner'S
optimal CONTRACTS and the AGENTS' EFFORT_LEVELS and conduct
EXTENSIVE_SENSITIVITY_ANALYSES regarding the influences of
MODEL_PARAMETERS. we find that increases in the MEASURE_ACCURACY of
CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION can bring SIGNIFICANT_BENEFIT to the firm'S
PROFITABILITY, and explore how it is affected by SYSTEM_FACTORS.
specifically, the BENEFIT is more substantial when the MARGINAL_COST of
quality_control effort is relatively smaller than the MARGINAL_COST of
SALES_EFFORT. an INTERESTING_DISCOVERY is that the brand owner always
earns more profit by OUTSOURCING business to MULTIPLE_AGENTS than to a
single AGENT, mainly because of his inflexibility in reaching a balance
between inducing higher EFFORT_LEVELS and providing a
SUFFICIENT_RISK_PREMIUM in the singe_agent case. this PROFIT_GAP can be
expanded by incentivizing both AGENTS on CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION_MEASURES,
and is shown quite significant under CERTAIN_SETTINGS in the
NUMERICAL_STUDIES.   EDP_SCIENCES, roadef, smai 2021.
```

--

Record-No: 104
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Sáez Bustos P., 2021, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V987, P180
Title: implementation of a holonic product based platform for increased
FLEXIBILITY in PRODUCTION_PLANNING
Abstract:
```
in the INDUSTRY_4.0 era, PRODUCTION_PLANNING_PROBLEMS are very relevant
to PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS and are ESSENTIAL_PARTS of the SUPPLY_CHAIN.
broadly speaking, PRODUCTION_PLANNING_PROBLEMS are tackled using MODELS
and methodologies, aiming for OPTIMAL_SOLUTIONS. this
WORK_INTRODUCES_REALISM and STABILITY to
OPTIMAL_PRODUCTION_PLANNING_STRATEGIES using a holonic, product_driven
MANUFACTURING platform with increased FLEXIBILITY. a MODEL based on an
ANARCHIC_HOLONIC_ARCHITECTURE and embedded INTELLIGENCE_LOGIC provides
decision_making capacity in a PRODUCTION_LOT in the face of disturbances.
the proposed MODEL is validated by comparing the results obtained with a
lot_streaming MATHEMATICAL_PROGRAMMING MODEL. results show that
SIGNIFICANT_CHANGES in LOT_PROCESSING_TIMES (disturbances) generate
SIGNIFICANT_CHANGES in COMPLETION_TIMES. the proposed PLATFORM_REDUCES up
to 10.95% COMPLETION_TIMES in face of disturbances, generating
SIGNIFICANT_BENEFITS by increasing FLEXIBILITY.  2021, the author(s),
under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 139
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Tan J., 2020, AI COMMUN, V33, P1
Title: a novel MULTI_AGENT SCHEDULING_MECHANISM for adaptation of
PRODUCTION_PLANS in case of SUPPLY_CHAIN_DISRUPTIONS
Abstract:
```
MANUFACTURING COMPANIES typically use
SOPHISTICATED_PRODUCTION_PLANNING_SYSTEMS optimizing PRODUCTION_STEPS,
often delivering near_optimal SOLUTIONS. as a downside for delivering a
near_optimal SCHEDULE, PLANNING systems have HIGH_COMPUTATIONAL_DEMANDS
resulting in hours of computation. under NORMAL_CIRCUMSTANCES this is not
issue if there is enough BUFFER_TIME before implementation of the
SCHEDULE (e.g. at night for the next day). however, in case of
UNEXPECTED_DISRUPTIONS such as delayed PART_DELIVERIES or defectively
manufactured goods, the planned SCHEDULE may become invalid and swift
replanning becomes necessary. such immediate replanning is unsuited for
existing OPTIMAL_PLANNERS due to the COMPUTATIONAL_REQUIREMENTS. this
paper proposes a NOVEL_SOLUTION that can effectively and efficiently
perform replanning in case of DIFFERENT_TYPES of DISRUPTIONS using an
existing plan. the approach is based on the idea to adhere to the
existing SCHEDULE as much as possible, adapting it based on limited
LOCAL_CHANGES. for that purpose an agent_based SCHEDULING_MECHANISM has
been devised, in which AGENTS represent materials and PRODUCTION_SITES
and use LOCAL_OPTIMIZATION_TECHNIQUES and negotiations to generate an
adapted (sufficient, but non_optimal) SCHEDULE. the approach has been
evaluated using real PRODUCTION_DATA from huawei, showing that
EFFICIENT_SCHEDULES are produced in SHORT_TIME. the SYSTEM has been
implemented as PROOF_OF_CONCEPT and is currently reimplemented and
transferred to a PRODUCTION_SYSTEM based on the JADEX_AGENT_PLATFORM.
2020 _ IOS_PRESS and the authors. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 370
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Kuenzel R., 2015, INT SYMP AUTOM ROBOT CONSTR MIN CONNECT FUTURE PROC
Title: smartsite: INTELLIGENT and AUTONOMOUS_ENVIRONMENTS, MACHINERY, and
processes to realize SMART_ROAD_CONSTRUCTION_PROJECTS
Abstract:
```
this ARTICLE presents an overview of the SMARTSITE_RESEARCH_PROJECT that
ADOPTS_MACHINE_LEARNING, DECISION_THEORY and distributed
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE to DESIGN and test a multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) for
ASPHALT_ROAD_CONSTRUCTION. smartsite puts MAJOR_EMPHASIS on sensing and
COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES that integrate real_time automated
INFORMATION_EXCHANGE in the SUPPLY_CHAIN of ROAD_CONSTRUCTION. as part of
the larger SMARTSITE_PROJECT, this ARTICLE_INTRODUCES a novel real_time
PATH_PLANNING SYSTEM for compactors. it operates based on
BDI_SOFTWARE_AGENTS and real_time sensory INPUTS. the newly developed
integrated and information
RICH_PROCESS_BENEFITS_ASPHALT_COMPACTOR_OPERATORS, as they are now
capable to CONTROL their MACHINERY and react to changing environmental,
material_related and process_related disturbances or changes. this
improves the quality of the delivery and laying of ASPHALT_MATERIAL,
PREVENTS_COMPACTORS from over_compacting CERTAIN_ROAD_SEGMENTS, increases
the road'S pavement longevity during the OPERATIONAL_LIFE_CYCLE_PHASE;
refocuses the WORK_TASKS of the SITE_MANAGERS, and reduces the
CONSTRUCTION_BUDGET and SCHEDULE.
```

--

Record-No: 470
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Ponte B., 2014, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V8790, P1
Title: MULTIAGENT_METHODOLOGY to reduce the BULLWHIP_EFFECT in a SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
there are several circumstances which, in RECENT_DECADES, have granted
the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT a STRATEGIC_ROLE in the search for
COMPETITIVE_ADVANTAGE. one of the GOALS is, undoubtedly, the reduction of
BULLWHIP_EFFECT, which is generated by the AMPLIFICATION of the
variability of orders along the CHAIN, from the customer to the factory.
this PAPER_APPLIES_MULTIAGENT_METHODOLOGY for reducing BULLWHIP_EFFECT.
to do this, it considers the SUPPLY_CHAIN as a GLOBAL_MULTIAGENT_SYSTEM,
formed in turn by four MULTIAGENT_SUBSYSTEMS. each one of them represents
one of the four levels of the TRADITIONAL_LINEAR SUPPLY_CHAIN
(SHOP_RETAILER, RETAILER, wholesaler and factory), and it coordinates
VARIOUS_INTELLIGENT_AGENTS with DIFFERENT_OBJECTIVES. thus, each level
has ITS OWN_CAPACITY of DECISION and it seeks to optimize the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. the problem is analyzed both from a
NON_COLLABORATIVE_APPROACH, where each level seeks the optimal
FORECASTING METHODOLOGY independently of the rest, and from a
COLLABORATIVE_APPROACH, where each LEVEL_NEGOTIATES with the rest looking
for the best solution for the whole SUPPLY_CHAIN.  springer_verlag berlin
heidelberg 2014.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 416
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Teimoury E., 2014, INT J COMPUTER INTEGR MANUF, V27, P1160
Title: designing an ONTOLOGY based MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE_MEASUREMENT using GRAPH_TRAVERSAL
Abstract:
```
PREVIOUS_STUDIES have not provided any INFORMATION_SYSTEM (is) solution
for the SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC) PERFORMANCE_MEASUREMENT based on the global
SUPPLY_CHAIN forum (gscf) REFERENCE_MODEL due to the complexities of
INTEROPERABILITY among the iss in the SC. as an INNOVATION, this paper
has proposed an ARCHITECTURE that allows the
SC_PERFORMANCE_MEASUREMENT_SYSTEM (scpms) COMPONENTS to have multi_level
INTEROPERABILITY by integrating the multi_agent TECHNOLOGY as well as
ONTOLOGY_TECHNOLOGY. it has also proposed a method to develop the
required ONTOLOGIES for the PMS_AGENTS and developed the ONTOLOGIES in
the WEB_ONTOLOGY_LANGUAGE (owl) to provide the
SEMANTIC_LEVEL_INTEROPERABILITY. the syntax_level INTEROPERABILITY has
been provided by a number of AGENT_INTERACTION_PROTOCOLS (aips). as
another INNOVATION, the authors have developed the SCPMS_ALGORITHMS for
the LINK_ANALYSIS_METHOD by the breadth_first search (bfs) method and
proved those ALGORITHMS. the authors have created the PMS_AGENTS based on
those ALGORITHMS and prototyped a multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) for the SC of
a TILE_MANUFACTURER as a CASE_STUDY. the proposed multi_level
ARCHITECTURE supports the GSCF_MODEL in the SC_PERFORMANCE_MEASUREMENT,
and improves the INTEROPERABILITY and the INTEGRATION of the scpms.  2014
2014 taylor & francis.
```

--

Record-No: 406
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Wilk-Kolodziejczyk D., 2014, ARCH FOUNDRY ENG, V14, P111
Title: the implementation of COMPUTER_PLATFORM for FOUNDRIES cooperating in a
SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
this ARTICLE presents a PRACTICAL_SOLUTION in the form of implementation
of agent_based platform for the MANAGEMENT of CONTRACTS in a network of
FOUNDRIES. the described implementation is a continuation of earlier
SCIENTIFIC_WORK in the field of DESIGN and
THEORETICAL_SYSTEM_SPECIFICATION for cooperating COMPANIES [1]. the
implementation addresses key DESIGN assumptions_the SYSTEM is implemented
using multi_agent TECHNOLOGY, which offers the possibility of
DECENTRALISATION and DISTRIBUTED_PROCESSING of specified CONTRACTS and
tenders. the implemented SYSTEM enables the JOINT_MANAGEMENT of orders
for a network of small and medium_sized METALLURGICAL_PLANTS, while
providing them with greater COMPETITIVENESS and the ability to carry out
LARGE_PROCUREMENTS. the ARTICLE presents the FUNCTIONAL_ASPECTS of the
system_the user interface and the principle of OPERATION of
INDIVIDUAL_AGENTS that represent businesses seeking POTENTIAL_SUPPLIERS
or recipients of services and products. additionally, the SYSTEM is
equipped with a bi_directional AGENT translating STANDARDS based on
ONTOLOGIES, which aims to automate the decision_making PROCESS during
TENDER_SPECIFICATIONS as a response to the request.
```

--

Record-No: 71
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Bi M., 2023, IEEE TRANS AUTOM SCI ENG, P1
Title: a distributed approach for agile SUPPLY_CHAIN DECISION_MAKING based on
NETWORK_ATTRIBUTES
Abstract:
```
in RECENT_YEARS, the FREQUENT_OCCURRENCE of DISRUPTIONS has had a
NEGATIVE_IMPACT on global SUPPLY_CHAINS. to stay competitive, ENTERPRISES
strive to remain agile through the implementation of efficient and
effective decision_making strategies in reaction to DISRUPTIONS. a
SIGNIFICANT_EFFORT has been made to develop these
AGILE_DISRUPTION_MITIGATION_APPROACHES, leveraging both centralized and
distributed decision_making strategies. though trade_offs of centralized
and DISTRIBUTED_APPROACHES have been analyzed in existing studies, no
related work has been found on understanding SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE
based on the NETWORK_ATTRIBUTES of the disrupted SUPPLY_CHAIN entities.
in this paper, we characterize SUPPLY_CHAINS from a capability and
NETWORK_TOPOLOGICAL_PERSPECTIVE and investigate the use of a distributed
decision_making approach based on classical multi_agent frameworks. the
PERFORMANCE of the DISTRIBUTED_FRAMEWORK is evaluated through a
COMPREHENSIVE_CASE_STUDY that investigates the PERFORMANCE of the
SUPPLY_CHAIN as a function of the NETWORK_STRUCTURE and AGENT_ATTRIBUTES
within the network in the presence of a disruption. comparison to a
centralized decision_making approach highlights trade_offs between
PERFORMANCE, COMPUTATION_TIME, and NETWORK_COMMUNICATION based on the
decision_making STRATEGY and NETWORK_ARCHITECTURE. practitioners can use
the outcomes of our studies to DESIGN_RESPONSE_STRATEGIES based on
AGENT_CAPABILITIES, NETWORK_ATTRIBUTES, and desired
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE. note to practitioners&#x2014;this RESEARCH is
motivated by the challenges in determining agile decision_making
strategies that enable a SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISE to adapt to DISRUPTIONS
while taking into account the network_based attributes of the disrupted
AGENT and the requirements of the SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM. existing
approaches in the LITERATURE_FOCUS on providing one feasible
decision_making STRATEGY based on SPECIFIC_PERFORMANCE_METRICS. this
PAPER_INVESTIGATES both centralized and DISTRIBUTED_APPROACHES to better
understand the differences between the RESPONSE_STRATEGIES in the case of
SUPPLIER_LOSS. more specifically, we DESIGN a SUPPLY_CHAIN_INSTANCE and
conduct a CASE_STUDY to evaluate the PERFORMANCE of the centralized and
DISTRIBUTED_APPROACHES in terms of several COMMON_PERFORMANCE_METRICS
used in practice. the CASE_STUDY provides insights for users to select a
decision_making approach based on the NETWORK_ATTRIBUTES and
AGENT_CAPABILITIES of the SUPPLY_CHAIN. the impact of
NETWORK_UNCERTAINTIES and RISK_ASSESSMENT are not considered in this
work. FUTURE_STUDIES will investigate a stochastic
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT and HETEROGENEOUS_RISK_MANAGEMENT_FRAMEWORK in
the context of agile decision_making for disrupted
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES. ieee
```

--

Record-No: 164
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Swain S., 2022, PROC INT CONF COMPUT INTELL NETW CINE, V2022-December
Title: a distributed SOFTWARE_AGENT oriented TRACEABILITY_MILIEU for BLOCKCHAIN
enabled SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN is a POTENTIAL_AREA that can immensely BENEFIT from
BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGY (bct), making SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS more
reliable, safer, traceable, and trustworthy for all ITS STAKEHOLDERS.
however, there are numerous challenges such as SCALABILITY, COORDINATION,
SAFETY, and traceability_related issues which are yet to be resolved.
multi_agent systems (MAS) offer a completely NEW_DIMENSION for
SUSTAINABILITY and OPERATIONAL_TRACEABILITY in distributed CULTURE. MAS
consists of an ASSEMBLY of automated AGENTS which can be deployed to
TRACK_OPERATIONAL_STATES both internally and externally in a
DISTRIBUTED_SYSTEM. in this work, an effort has been made to develop a
COMPREHENSIVE_TRACEABILITY_FRAMEWORK consisting of MULTIPLE_AGENTS for a
large_scale product MANUFACTURING SUPPLY_CHAIN enabled by
BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGY. the AGENTS are designed to monitor and drive the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_WORKFLOW to ENSURE_TRACEABILITY of the SYSTEM. this
framework can eliminate the limitations of the existing SUPPLY_CHAINS
concerning TRACEABILITY.   2022 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 225
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Matsune T., 2019, ICAART PROC INT CONF AGENTS ARTIF INTELL, V1, P194
Title: designing a flexible SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK with AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS
Abstract:
```
this paper proposes a SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL that enables COMPANIES with a
SOFTWARE_AGENT to construct a flexible SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK
automatically, assuming the network is composed of many competitors.
unlike the traditional SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL including AGENTS, it is
impossible to manage the behavior of all COMPANIES directly in the
structure of the SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK. each company can handle only ITS
OWN_STRATEGY or PLANNING. we also propose a SIMPLE_STRATEGY for
MANUFACTURING AGENTS focusing on INDIVIDUAL_PROFIT. our
EXPERIMENTAL_RESULTS demonstrate that our AGENTS can make a
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK_STRUCTURE that produces profits in the
small_to_medium_scale scenario under some SAMPLE_MODELS of
VARIOUS_SCALES.  2019 by scitepress _ science and
TECHNOLOGY_PUBLICATIONS, lda.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 84
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Grosset J., 2024, INTEGR COMPUT AIDED ENG, V31, P249
Title: MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION of autonomous INDUSTRIAL_VEHICLE_FLEETS: towards
DYNAMIC_TASK_ALLOCATION in V2X_COOPERATION_MODE
Abstract:
```
the SMART_FACTORY leads to a STRONG_DIGITALIZATION of
INDUSTRIAL_PROCESSES and CONTINUOUS_COMMUNICATION between the systems
integrated into the PRODUCTION, storage, and SUPPLY_CHAINS. one of the
RESEARCH_AREAS in INDUSTRY_4.0 is the possibility of using autonomous
and/or INTELLIGENT_INDUSTRIAL_VEHICLES. the OPTIMIZATION of the
MANAGEMENT of the tasks allocated to these VEHICLES with
ADAPTIVE_BEHAVIOURS, as well as the increase in vehicle_to_everything
communications (v2x) make it possible to develop collective and
ADAPTIVE_INTELLIGENCE for these VEHICLES, often grouped in fleets.
TASK_ALLOCATION and SCHEDULING are often managed centrally. the
requirements for FLEXIBILITY, ROBUSTNESS, and SCALABILITY_LEAD to the
consideration of DECENTRALIZED MECHANISMS to react to
UNEXPECTED_SITUATIONS. however, before being definitively adopted,
DECENTRALIZATION must first be modelled and then simulated. thus, we use
a multi_agent SIMULATION to test the proposed DYNAMIC_TASK
(re)ALLOCATION_PROCESS. a set of PROBLEMATIC_SITUATIONS for the
circulation of autonomous INDUSTRIAL_VEHICLES in areas such as
SMART_WAREHOUSES (obstacles, breakdowns, etc.) has been identified. these
PROBLEMATIC_SITUATIONS could disrupt or harm the SUCCESSFUL_COMPLETION of
the PROCESS of dynamic (re)allocation of tasks. we have therefore defined
scenarios involving them in order to demonstrate through SIMULATION that
the PROCESS remains reliable. the SIMULATION of
NEW_PROBLEMATIC_SITUATIONS also allows us to extend the potential of this
PROCESS, which we discuss at the end of the ARTICLE.   2024_ios press.
all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 10
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Sharifmousavi M., 2024, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V232, P211
Title: distributed ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE_APPLICATION in agri food
SUPPLY_CHAINS 4.0
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN 4.0 is characterized by VARIOUS_FACTORS, including
SEAMLESS_INTEGRATION and connectivity, the INTERNET_OF_THINGS (IOT),
BIG_DATA, AI_PARTICIPATION, cyber_physical systems (cpss), FLEXIBILITY,
ADAPTABILITY, and customer_centricity across DIFFERENT_PARTS of the
SUPPLY_CHAIN. the application of DISTRIBUTED_AI (dai) systems like
multi_agent systems (MAS) opens NEW_HORIZONS to enhance the EFFICIENCY,
responsiveness, and intelligence of these SUPPLY_CHAINS. DAI_FACILITATES
advanced autonomous decision_making and real_time OPTIMIZATION at
DIFFERENT_STAGES of the agri_food SUPPLY_CHAIN, such as
DEMAND_FORECASTING, INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT, PRODUCTION_PLANNING,
LOGISTICS_OPTIMIZATION, and QUALITY_ASSURANCE and CONTROL. this ARTICLE,
by focusing on the case of SCHEDULING through the entire SUPPLY_CHAIN,
examines how DAI_INITIATIVES, including multi_agent systems (MASS)
enhanced with case_based reasoning (CBR), enable the DISTRIBUTION of
intelligence across smart, interconnected elements of the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK. it is shown that through the use of dai in SCM, the
PERFORMANCE of the entire SUPPLY_CHAIN optimizes consistently and
adaptively through the use of MAS, in which DIFFERENT_PARTS of
SCM_COLLABORATE as AGENTS. SUPPLY_CHAIN 4.0 can GAIN_AUTONOMY,
self_organization, self_optimization, self_adaptation, ROBUSTNESS, and
FLEXIBILITY, and ITS KNOWLEDGE_BASE can be enriched over time by using
CBR to learn from PAST_SITUATIONS. it also discusses the opportunities
and challenges associated with the adoption of dai in SUPPLY_CHAIN 4.0,
including OPERATIONAL_EFFICIENCY, COST_REDUCTION, AGILITY_ENHANCEMENT,
and improved CUSTOMER_SATISFACTION. however, several concerns, such as
DATA_SECURITY, PRIVACY_ISSUES, and INTEROPERABILITY, must be addressed.
2024 the authors. published by elsevier b.v. this is an
OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE under the cc by_nc_nd license
(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0)
```

--

Record-No: 72
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Koketsu J., 2023, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P119
Title: concept of sustainable SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM:
NEGOTIATION by LINEAR_PHYSICAL_PROGRAMMING
Abstract:
```
INDUSTRY and academia are both making efforts to realize a
SUSTAINABLE_SOCIETY; an IMPORTANT_PART of these efforts is to ensure the
SUSTAINABILITY of the SUPPLY_CHAINS that support our DAILY_LIFE.
sustainable SUPPLY_CHAINS are more complex than traditional
SUPPLY_CHAINS, and they involve a combination of MULTIPLE_ISSUES.
MULTIPLE_PLANS must be used to deal with these issues. however, these
plans often CONFLICT with each other. to manage a sustainable
SUPPLY_CHAIN, an INTEGRATED_APPROACH is needed to operate MULTIPLE_PLANS
for MULTIPLE_ISSUES. this PAPER_INTRODUCES a RESEARCH_CONCEPT for
integrated sustainable SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using a multi_agent
SYSTEM. an AGENT executing a plan for an issue autonomously negotiates
with other AGENTS and avoids CONFLICTS. LINEAR_PHYSICAL_PROGRAMMING used
for NEGOTIATION_BALANCES_AGENTS_UTILITY and ensures that all
PLANS_FUNCTION well. through this RESEARCH, we provide an example of the
SIMULTANEOUS_OPERATION of MULTIPLE_PLANS in a sustainable SUPPLY_CHAIN,
aiming at the SOCIAL_IMPLEMENTATION of sustainable SUPPLY_CHAINS.  2023,
the author(s).
```

--

Record-No: 2
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Zheng C., 2023, COMPUT IND ENG, V183
Title: MULTI_AGENT COLLABORATIVE_CONCEPTUAL_DESIGN method for
ROBOTIC_MANUFACTURING systems in small  and mid sized ENTERPRISES
Abstract:
```
ROBOTIC_MANUFACTURING systems are essential in the post_pandemic world
owing to their HIGH_LEVEL of FLEXIBILITY and AUTOMATION during a
LABOR_CRISIS. however, designing a SUITABLE_ROBOTIC MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM
for small_ and mid_sized ENTERPRISES (SMES) is challenging, considering
both their FINANCIAL_BURDENS and the CURRENT SUPPLY_CHAIN_DISRUPTIONS of
COMPONENT_SUPPLIERS. to address these challenges, this study proposes a
distributed multi_agent COLLABORATIVE_CONCEPTUAL_DESIGN method involving
designers and SUPPLIERS to assist SMES in implementing
ROBOTIC_MANUFACTURING systems. first, we propose a COMMON_DATA_MODEL that
enables KNOWLEDGE_INTERACTION between DIFFERENT_AGENTS during
COLLABORATIVE_CONCEPTUAL_DESIGN. subsequently, based on the proposed
DATA_MODEL, the agent_based COLLABORATIVE_CONCEPTUAL_DESIGN_PROCESS is
developed, which enables DIFFERENT_AGENTS to communicate, interact, and
negotiate with each other according to their experiences and KNOWLEDGE.
third, an INTEGRATIVE_ALGORITHM based on 2_additive FUZZY measures,
CHOQUET_INTEGRAL, and stochastic multi_criteria acceptability analysis is
implemented to support the multi_agent decision_making PROCESS to
robustly SELECT_ARCHITECTURE_ALTERNATIVES. as a CASE_STUDY, a
REAL_INDUSTRIAL_DESIGN_PROJECT of a ROBOTIC_MANUFACTURING SYSTEM required
by our INDUSTRIAL_PARTNER, is adopted to demonstrate the effectiveness of
the proposed method.  2023 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 186
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2022, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V3171, P104
Title: method for recognizing LINGUISTIC_CONSTRUCTIONS based on
STOCHASTIC_NEURAL_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
the paper proposes a method for recognizing LINGUISTIC_CONSTRUCTIONS
based on STOCHASTIC_NEURAL_NETWORKS. the novelty of the study lies in the
fact that in order to ensure the INTERACTION of SOFTWARE_AGENTS
representing subjects that operate within SUPPLY_CHAINS, two MODELS of an
ARTIFICIAL_NEURAL_NETWORK were created to recognize
NATURAL_LANGUAGE_STRUCTURES based on the restricted BOLTZMANN_MACHINE (in
contrast to it, the neurons of the hidden layer were interconnected), a
criterion for evaluating the effectiveness of training the proposed
MODELS was chosen, the parameters of the proposed MODELS were identified
based on the CONTRASTIVE_DIVERGENCE. the proposed MODELS and methods for
their PARAMETRIC_IDENTIFICATION make it possible to improve the
RECOGNITION_ACCURACY of NATURAL_LANGUAGE_CONSTRUCTIONS. the proposed
method for recognizing LINGUISTIC_STRUCTURES based on
STOCHASTIC_NEURAL_NETWORKS can be used in VARIOUS_INTELLIGENT_SYSTEMS
that use the recognition of NATURAL_LANGUAGE_STRUCTURES.  2022 copyright
for this paper by ITS authors.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 105
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Hopman M., 2022, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13557 LNCS, P369
Title: a framework on CENTRALISED to DECENTRALISED LOGISTICS_CONTROL_STRUCTURES
applied in two CASE_STUDIES
Abstract:
```
developments on digitalisation and AUTOMATION in TRANSPORT and LOGISTICS
create NEW_POSSIBILITIES in the organisation of SUPPLY_CHAINS.
NEW_TECHNOLOGIES can disrupt existing CONTROL_STRUCTURES, establish
NEW_FORMS of CONTROL and improve the EFFICIENCY and FLEXIBILITY of
OPERATIONS. this paper provides a framework to analyse the trade_offs and
conditions that best apply to each CONTROL_STRUCTURE from CENTRALISED to
DECENTRALISED. a CENTRALISED CONTROL_STRUCTURE is characterised by one
party (CONTROL_TOWER) that collects and ANALYSES_DATA to come to
OPTIMAL_OPERATIONAL_DECISIONS on a SYSTEM_LEVEL. in opposition, a
DECENTRALISED CONTROL_STRUCTURE is characterised by each unit in the
LOGISTICS_CHAIN taking INDEPENDENT_DECISIONS (self_organisation) based on
LOCAL_INTELLIGENCE and AUTONOMY. a 2  2 CONTROL_STRUCTURE_MATRIX is
created, with each corner defining a DIFFERENT_TYPE of
LOGISTICS_CONTROL_STRUCTURE. the framework is then applied in two
PRACTICAL_CASE_STUDIES in which SIMULATION_MODELS are developed to show
the impact of DIFFERENT_LOGISTICS_CONTROL_STRUCTURES. results show the
effects of DIFFERENT_CONTROL_STRUCTURES in one SUPPLY_CHAIN and under
which circumstances and for which type of LOGISTICS_CHAIN, each
LOGISTICS_CONTROL_STRUCTURE is most suitable.  2022, the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 102
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Maestro J.A., 2021, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN
ENG, V355, P163
Title: comparison of efficient PLANNING and OPTIMIZATION_METHODS of last
MILE_DELIVERY_RESOURCES
Abstract:
```
a REVIEW of recent last MILE_DELIVERY_OPTIMIZATION_PROPOSALS is
presented. the proposals are classified according to the criteria of
COLLABORATION, ranging from OPTIMIZATION of a single route to the
INTEGRATION of MULTIPLE_CARRIERS. an ALTERNATIVE_PROPOSAL is presented,
based also on COLLABORATION, but which does not involve either
INTEGRATION into a single ORGANIZATION or SHARING of ITS RESOURCES. each
carrier is represented as a VIRTUAL_ORGANIZATION of AGENTS (vo). a
GLOBAL_OPTIMIZER, also a vo, oversees the search for deliveries that can
be better delivered by another carrier and NEW_ROUTES are calculated
based on a win_win approach. this approach has the advantages of being
easily CONFIGURABLE by integrating or removing the vo of each carrier,
highly distributable using a CLOUD_INFRASTRUCTURE, easily scalable both
for PHYSICAL_AREAS and COMPUTATIONAL_RESOURCES using the
CLOUD_INFRASTRUCTURE in case more COMPUTATIONAL_POWER is needed. it also
allows the SHARING of the least AMOUNT_OF_INFORMATION possible among
carriers, so that they only know about the deliveries that they are
losing or gaining.  2021, ICST_INSTITUTE for COMPUTER_SCIENCES,
SOCIAL_INFORMATICS and TELECOMMUNICATIONS_ENGINEERING.
```

--

Record-No: 184
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Idrissi M.D.E., 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAGE
Title: MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH for ENVIRONMENTAL_CUSTOMER_COLLABORATION
Abstract:
```
CUSTOMER_COLLABORATION in the green SUPPLY_CHAIN_DECISIONS has gained
more attention among researchers and INDUSTRIAL_PRACTITIONERS. many
STUDIES_HIGHLIGHT that organizations can achieve a
GOOD_ENVIRONMENTAL_PERFORMANCE by considering CUSTOMER_COLLABORATION and
ENVIRONMENTAL_REGULATION. to implement these two elements, the literature
in green SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (gscm) suggests having a structured
INFORMATION_EXCHANGE_PROCESS and PROPER_COMMUNICATION between
SUPPLY_CHAIN partners. for this reason, a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM (MAS)
approach is proposed to facilitate the CUSTOMER_COLLABORATION_PROCESS.
this RESEARCH_SHOWS that MAS can be utilized to reduce the COMPLEXITY and
FACILITATE_COMMUNICATIONS in greening the SUPPLY_CHAIN.  IEOM_SOCIETY
international.
```

--

Record-No: 293
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Hamdani F.E., 2019, INT COLLOQ LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG LOGISTIQUA
Title: AGENT based approach of multi structures homecare PLANNING_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
in the context of population aging and the
SIGNIFICANT_DEMOGRAPHIC_CHANGES, the elder SHARES_RISE throughout the
world. however, the increasing share of older people has many social and
ECONOMIC_IMPLICATIONS. in the HEALTH_CARE_CONTEXT, LIFE_EXPECTANCY is a
source of concern for policymakers; the INCOME_GROWTH of the
ELDERLY_INCREASES_HEALTH_EXPENDITURES, and strongly
INCREASES_EXPENDITURES, especially on long_term care. in response to
those implications, a growing interest in the home CARE_ORGANIZATIONS,
transitions, and concerns have approved. taking advantage of the
INHERENT_CHARACTERISTICS of the multi_agent SYSTEM, this WORK_INTRODUCES
a DISTRIBUTED_FRAMEWORK to improve the ORGANIZATIONAL_DECISION in the
home CARE_SECTOR, particularly, the PLANNING_MANAGEMENT of a set of
patients shared between MULTIPLE_HOMECARE_STRUCTURES. in order, to
facilitate COMPLEX_DAILY_ACTIVITIES, and to improve the quality of
PLANNING SOLUTIONS in the home CARE_SECTOR.  2019 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 280
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Kampik T., 2019, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1047, P100
Title: integrating MULTI_AGENT SIMULATIONS into
ENTERPRISE_APPLICATION_LANDSCAPES
Abstract:
```
to cope with increasingly COMPLEX_BUSINESS, political, and
ECONOMIC_ENVIRONMENTS, agent_based SIMULATIONS (abs) have been proposed
for MODELING COMPLEX_SYSTEMS such as HUMAN_SOCIETIES, TRANSPORT_SYSTEMS,
and markets. abs ENABLE_EXPERTS to assess the influence of
EXOGENOUS_PARAMETERS (e.g., CLIMATE_CHANGES or STOCK_MARKET_PRICES), as
well as the impact of POLICIES and their long_term consequences. despite
some successes, the use of abs is hindered by a set of interrelated
factors. first, abs are mainly created and used by researchers and
experts in academia and specialized consulting firms. second, the results
of abs are typically not automatically integrated into the
CORRESPONDING_BUSINESS_PROCESS. instead, the INTEGRATION is undertaken by
HUMAN_USERS who are responsible for adjusting the implemented POLICY to
take into account the results of the abs. these limitations are
exacerbated when the results of the abs affect multi_party agreements
(e.g., CONTRACTS) since this requires all involved actors to agree on the
validity of the SIMULATION, on how and when to take ITS results into
account, and on how to split the LOSSES/gains caused by these changes. to
address these challenges, this PAPER_EXPLORES the INTEGRATION of abs into
ENTERPRISE_APPLICATION_LANDSCAPES. in particular, we present an
ARCHITECTURE that INTEGRATES_ABS into cross_organizational
ENTERPRISE_RESOURCE_PLANNING (ERP) processes. as part of this, we propose
a multi_agent systems simulator for the HYPERLEDGER_BLOCKCHAIN and
describe an example SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT scenario type to illustrate
the approach.  SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2019.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 212
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Oleśków-Szłapka J., 2019, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P29
Title: MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS: a CASE_STUDY in an ONSHORE_OILFIELD that
EXPLORES_OPPORTUNITIES and FUTURE_PERSPECTIVES in terms of lot, ai and
5G_TECHNOLOGY
Abstract:
```
this paper presents a CASE_STUDY conducted in an oilfield that explores
the multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) paradigm and the opportunities for
NEW_DEVELOPMENT with 5g. the MAS_MODEL proposed focuses on
PRODUCTION_MANAGEMENT and related activities, such as PRODUCTION
MONITORING, COST_ANALYSES, MAINTENANCE_SCHEDULING, INVENTORY_CONTROL and
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. the MODEL has four MAIN_COMPONENTS as part of
ITS METHODOLOGY: INFORMATION_VISUALIZATION, MONITORING,
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT and decision_making processes. in the MODEL,
INTELLIGENT_AGENTS assist daily activities, negotiate for RESOURCES and
cooperate for better decisions among DIFFERENT_DEPARTMENTS and expertise.
5G_TECHNOLOGY is expected to be a POWERFUL_WIRELESS_NETWORK that connects
the AGENTS, embedded in IOT (INTERNET_OF_THINGS) APPLICATIONS,
ACCESSES_CLOUD_SOLUTIONS and COMMUNICATES_SAFETY with
DIFFERENT_ENTERPRISES.  2019 acm.
```

--

Record-No: 282
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Bousqaoui H., 2018, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V745, P626
Title: INFORMATION_SHARING as a COORDINATION_TOOL in SUPPLY_CHAIN using
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM and NEURAL_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
the ACCURATE_UNDERSTANDING of FUTURE_DEMAND in a SUPPLY_CHAIN is
certainly a CRUCIAL_KEY to enhance the COMMERCIAL_COMPETITIVENESS.
indeed, for any member of the SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM, a CLEAR_VISION
regarding the FUTURE_DEMAND_AFFECTS ITS PLANNING, PERFORMANCE, and
profit. however, SUPPLY_CHAINS usually suffer from issues of COORDINATION
between ITS members and the UNCERTAIN_CHARACTER of CUSTOMERS_DEMAND. to
solve these two problems, this PAPER_EXAMINES the combination of two
concepts: NEURAL_NETWORKS and multi_agent systems in order to
MODEL_INFORMATION SHARING as a COORDINATION_MECHANISM in SUPPLY_CHAIN and
to implement a daily demand_predicting tool. the proposed approach
resulted in an mse of 0.002 in the training set and 0.0086 in the test
set, and is used on a REAL_DATASET provided by a supermarket in morocco.
2018, springer international publishing ag, part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 382
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Belhaj  R., 2017, INT COLLOQ LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG COMPET INNOV
AUTOMOB AERONAUT IND LOGISTIQUA, P71
Title: toward an AGENT based framework for HUMAN_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
HUMAN_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT (HRM) has taken recently a BIG_IMPORTANCE, it
is an approach to managing HUMAN_RESOURCE that supports long_term
BUSINESS_GOALS, it tries to enhance the MANAGEMENT of HUMAN_RESOURCE (hr)
to a STRATEGIC_LEVEL through HUMAN_CAPITAL. HRM is a DYNAMIC_DISCIPLINE
highly linked with PEOPLE_BEHAVIOUR, which interact freely without
anyone'S_GUIDANCE. in order to analyze this SYSTEM multi_agent MODELING
is a kind of ENVIRONMENT that simulates this FREE_INTERACTION between
HUMAN_RESOURCE and let the SYSTEM_EVOLVE automatically. this analysis
named bottom_up starts from the focus on the characteristics of each
AGENT. the purpose of this paper is to shed light on the MAIN_CONCEPTS
used in the STRATEGIC_HUMAN_RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT, which will give a focus
on HRM regarding ITS STRATEGIC_ROLE and contribution to the PERFORMANCE
of the ORGANIZATION. the paper presents also a proposed framework of
agent_based MODELING of CIVILIAN_EMPLOYEES which will allow us to predict
the evolution and the effect of POLICIES on the HR_SYSTEM.  2017 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 346
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Fahhama L., 2017, MATEC WEB CONF, V105
Title: the elaboration of a MANUFACTURING FLOW_CONNECTIVITY_MODEL, based on
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
nowadays, MANUFACTURING_INDUSTRIES are operating in a highly complex and
UNFORESEEABLE_ECONOMIC_CONTEXT. therefore, they tend, by necessity toward
SHORT_TERM inter_firms COORDINATION. thus, found increasingly located at
the intersection of CORPORATE_NETWORKS, to overcome their inability to
quickly meet the needs of clients, facing thereby several complications
related to the COORDINATION between HETEROGENEOUS_ENTITIES. managing the
flow of a network, made up of DIFFERENT_LINKS became a MAJOR_CHALLENGE.
the appeals to DECISION_SUPPORT_TOOLS and SIMULATION are wished all the
more to correlate the DYNAMICS of the SYSTEM and the targeted objectives,
to assess the CONFIGURATIONS_EFFECTIVENESS. thus, enhance their
PERFORMANCE. the aim of this paper was to establish a MODEL of the
INDUSTRIAL_FLOW_CONNECTIVITY; afterward, we've detailed a
NETWORK_CONFIGURATION_MODEL based on the multi_agents systems, to study
the INTERACTIONS between all the actors and give a more REALISTIC_VISION
onto MANUFACTURING COORDINATION in the SUPPLY_CHAIN.  the authors,
published by EDP_SCIENCES, 2017.
```

--

Record-No: 329
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Hu D., 2017, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V29, P1611
Title: SIMULATION on GLOBAL_DEMAND_INFORMATION SHARING value in B2B SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
in B2B e_commerce ENVIRONMENT, a multi_agent SIMULATION_MODEL based on
the SUPPLY_CHAIN with MULTI_SUPPLIERS was established to study the
INCENTIVE effects of the GLOBAL_DEMAND_INFORMATION SHARING on SUPPLIERS
and the effects of DIFFERENT_PARAMETERS on these INCENTIVE effects. the
RESEARCH_RESULTS are as follows: compared with the
LOCAL_DEMAND_INFORMATION SHARING, the GLOBAL_DEMAND_INFORMATION SHARING
can bring SIGNIFICANT_INCENTIVE_EFFECT to the supplier. the
GLOBAL_DEMAND_INFORMATION SHARING is more valuable with the number of
selected SUPPLIERS getting closer to the number of ALTERNATIVE_SUPPLIERS,
and an OPTIMAL_NUMBER of ALTERNATIVE_SUPPLIERS do exist. based on the
GLOBAL_DEMAND_INFORMATION SHARING, if the SUPPLIER_EVALUATION_RULES are
further shared, the INCENTIVE_EFFECT can be further strengthened when the
ACTUAL_EVALUATION_RULES are inconsistent with the SUPPLIERS' expectation.
2017, the EDITORIAL_BOARD of journal of SYSTEM_SIMULATION. all right
reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 399
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Lee Y.S., 2016, LECT NOTES BUS INF PROCESS, V258, P27
Title: DESIGN of INTELLIGENT_AGENTS for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
using INTELLIGENT_AGENTS can be a GOOD_ALTERNATIVE for the automated
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT in e_commerce ENVIRONMENT and DECISION_SUPPORT in
CURRENT COMMERCE practices [8]. this STUDY_FOCUSES on finding the
OPTIMAL_STRUCTURE of INTELLIGENT_AGENTS that yield the best PERFORMANCE
for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. this study was conducted in two phases. in
the first phase, a MODEL for AGENT was developed and implemented. in the
MODEL we applied q_learning, SOFTMAX_FUNCTION, and e_greedy to CONTROL
the INVENTORY_THRESHOLD dynamically and used a sliding WINDOW_PROTOCOL
for flexible BIDDING_STRATEGY. also, a TESTING_ENVIRONMENT with competing
AGENTS was implemented. in the SECOND_PHASE, two AGENTS of
DIFFERENT_TYPES were tested against each other in the same SIMULATION.
this SIMULATION was played twice to compare our AGENT with two other
types of AGENTS. results of SIMULATIONS_SHOWS that our AGENT has better
PERFORMANCE in two DIFFERENT_SIMULATIONS.  springer international
publishing switzerland 2016.
```

--

Record-No: 345
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Sokolov B., 2016, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V466, P433
Title: RFID_TECHNOLOGY for adaptation of COMPLEX_SYSTEMS_SCHEDULING and
EXECUTION_CONTROL_MODELS
Abstract:
```
in this paper, we investigate the issues of establishing
ADAPTIVE_FEEDBACKS between COMPLEX_SYSTEMS (css) SCHEDULING and execution
from the perspectives of MODERN_CONTROL_THEORY. in using OPTIMUM_CONTROL
for the SCHEDULING_STAGE, FEEDBACK_ADAPTIVE_CONTROL for the
EXECUTION_STAGE, and attainable sets for the analysis of the achievement
of the planned PERFORMANCE in a REAL_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT, we provide a
mathematically unified framework for CSS_SCHEDULING and
EXECUTION_CONTROL. the proposed framework makes it possible to analyze
the correspondence of RFID (RADIO_FREQUENCY_IDENTIFICATION)
functionalities and COSTS to the ACTUAL_NEEDS of EXECUTION_CONTROL and
support problem_oriented CSS_ADAPTATION for the achievement of the
desired PERFORMANCE. the developed framework can be applied as an
ANALYSIS_TOOL for the DECISION_SUPPORT regarding the designing and
applying RFID_INFRASTRUCTURES in SUPPLY_CHAINS.  springer international
publishing switzerland 2016.
```

--

Record-No: 368
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Straube F., 2016, IEEE INT TECHNOL MANAG CONF ICE
Title: DECENTRALIZED PLANNING in SUPPLY_NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
nowadays, SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT is seen as a
STRATEGIC_MANAGEMENT_INSTRUMENT in order to gain and sustain
COMPETITIVE_ADVANTAGE. COORDINATION of value_added activities along the
VALUE_CHAIN is critical to the EFFICIENCY and the ADAPTABILITY of
INTERNATIONAL_OPERATIONS. NEW_INFORMATION and COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES
have substantially changed the WAY_VALUE_CHAINS are designed and managed.
ENTERPRISE_RESOURCE_PLANNING_SYSTEMS in multi_tier value NETWORKS are
facing major challenges. many existing
SOLUTIONS_NEGLECT_FEEDBACK_MECHANISMS and operate on the assumption of
isolated SUPPLY_CHAINS. however, there might be obstacles to
SUCCESSFUL_BUSINESS_USAGE even in intra_enterprise PLANNING via
PRODUCTION_PLANTS. DECENTRALIZED PLANNING is an INNOVATIVE_APPROACH which
grounds on consensus_like agreements between EQUAL_PARTNERS, through
communicative, negotiation_like processes. thus RESEARCH_ACTIVITIES are
aiming at developing APPROPRIATE_COORDINATION_MECHANISMS for
DECISION_MAKING in TACTICAL_OPERATIONS PLANNING between independent
SUPPLY_CHAIN partners. these MECHANISMS are supposed to enable them to
draw up CONSISTENT_PLANS.  2006 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 378
Citations: 1
Record-ID: John R., 2015, INT CONF INF COMMUN EMBED SYST ICICES
Title: MULTIAGENT based OPEN_SOURCE for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using JADE
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) is a very CHALLENGING_PROBLEM that us
leveraging the e_commerce explosion. today'S SUPPLY_CHAINS are
essentially static, because they rely on long_term relationship among key
TRADING_PARTNERS. DYNAMIC_PRACTICES are vital because they offer better
matches between SUPPLIERS and CUSTOMERS as MARKET_CONDITIONS change.
multi_agent systems (MAS) offer NEW_PERSPECTIVES compared to
conventional, centrally organized architectures in the scope of
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM). their structure inherently meets the
requirements of DECENTRALIZED SUPPLY_CHAINS, whereas
CONVENTIONAL_SCM_SYSTEMS are often restricted in terms of
DYNAMIC_BEHAVIOR, handling SEVERE_DISTURBANCES at SUPPLIER_SITES as well
as dealing with highly customized or COMPLEX_PRODUCTS. since
NECESSARY_DATA are not available within the whole SUPPLY_CHAIN, an
INTEGRATED_APPROACH to PRODUCTION_PLANNING and CONTROL taking into
account all the partners involved is not feasible. in this paper a
MAS_ARCHITECTURE integrating VARIOUS_INTELLIGENT_AGENT_SYSTEMS is
presented to address the problem.  2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 364
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Yan M., 2015, METALL MIN IND, V7, P70
Title: MULTI_AGENT COLLABORATIVE_MECHANISM and ITS application in E_COMMERCE SCM
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) is a kind of MANAGEMENT thought and method
to ENHANCE_ENTERPRISE_COMPETITIVENESS widely valued by
INTERNATIONAL_ACADEMIA and BUSINESS_CIRCLES at present. AGENT has the
characteristics of AUTONOMY, INTERACTION, initiative and reactiveness,
which is more suitable for developing the SCM_SYSTEM than
TRADITIONAL_SOFTWARE_METHODS. on the basis of the RESEARCH on the
CONCEPTUAL_FRAMEWORK and OPERATIONAL_REFERENCE_MODEL of SCM, four steps
to CONSTRUCT_SCM_SYSTEM_MODEL was proposed: the analysis of entities in
SCM; the confirmation of PROCESSING_FLOW; the DESIGN of
BUSINESS_PROCESS_AGENT and BUSINESS_PROCESS_UNIT_FRAMEWORK; and the
proposal of multi_agent SCM_SYSTEM MODEL and task_based MAS_MODEL. in
this paper, with COLLABORATIVE_SCM_SYSTEM as the RESEARCH_OBJECT, the
SUPPLY_CHAIN was collaborated by using GAME_THEORY and multi_agent
COLLABORATIVE thought, and the COLLABORATIVE SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM was
designed by adopting DATA_WAREHOUSE and multi_agent TECHNOLOGY,
COLLABORATIVE_SCM_SYSTEM based on multi_agent was put forward. this
enables personnel in the related nodes of the SUPPLY_CHAIN to obtain,
store, share and respond to MARKET_INFORMATION_DATA conveniently and
quickly and has PRACTICAL_GUIDANCE for the REALISTIC_COLLABORATIVE_SCM.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 437
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Ezzeddine B., 2014, INT CONF ADV LOGIST TRANSP ICALT, P35
Title: ONTOLOGICAL_MODEL for KNOWLEDGE_CAPITALIZATION in
MULTIMODAL_TRANSPORT_DOMAIN
Abstract:
```
the SIGNIFICANT_EVOLUTIONS in the economic and BUSINESS_ENVIRONMENT has
undergone PROFOUND_CHANGES and see grow CRITICALITY_CONTROL_INFORMATION
for controlling the global SUPPLY_CHAIN. in this ENVIRONMENT, more and
more complex, especially because of globalization and the globalization
of economies, contributing directly to increased trade and the expansion
of the GEOGRAPHICAL_AREA, the OPTIMIZATION of the COOPERATION within the
global SUPPLY_CHAIN becomes more focused on optimizing PHYSICAL_MOVEMENT
of goods. thus, the INTEGRATION of TRANSPORT in optimizing SUPPLY_CHAINS
offers an opportunity to better MANAGEMENT of flows, different
decision_making levels. for RECENT_DECADES, MODELING AGENT_DATABASE was
used as an UNCONVENTIONAL_TOOL to perform this task. however, the
establishment of a FORMAL_ONTOLOGY as a shared MODEL, to
ENSURE_INTEROPERABILITY and REUSABILITY of the MODELS with which
developers can standardize their MODELS become increasingly necessary. we
present in this paper an initiative to develop an ONTOLOGY that
formalizes the DOMAIN_KNOWLEDGE of the MULTIMODAL_TRANSPORT of goods.
2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 457
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Hmida F.B., 2014, PROC INT CONF TOOLS ARTIF INTELL ICTAI, V2014-December,
P408
Title: EVALUATION of COMMUNICATION in MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS for SUPPLY_CHAIN
PLANNING and CONTROL
Abstract:
```
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS (MAS) are particularly suitable for the MODELLING and
analysis of the STRUCTURE_AND_DYNAMICS of INDUSTRIAL_COMPLEX_SYSTEMS.
they are often used in SUPPLY_CHAINS as a support for decision_making and
seem especially helpful to test and analyze
DIFFERENT_CONTROL_DESIGN_ALTERNATIVES. however, the lack of
EVALUATION_METHODS of MAS is a MAJOR_DISINCENTIVE to their use in
SUCH_REAL_WORLD_APPLICATIONS. in this paper, a MAS_EVALUATION_METHOD is
first presented. it focuses on COMMUNICATION as it is one of the most
IMPORTANT_FUNCTIONAL_CHARACTERISTICS of DISTRIBUTED_SYSTEMS in general
and MAS in particular. then three MULTIAGENT_MODELS representing
different SUPPLY_CHAIN CONTROL_ARCHITECTURES (distributed, centralized
and mixed) are presented, evaluated and compared according to the
advanced method. experimentation is carried out with reference to a
test_case SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK in the domain of furniture MANUFACTURING.
2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 442
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Nishino N., 2014, J JPN IND MANAGE ASSOC, V65, P168
Title: analysis of membership type service in MANUFACTURING using integrating
approach with ECONOMIC_EXPERIMENTS and MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
the study describes a SERVICE_MODEL and ITS mechanism, addressing a
membership_type framework provided by MANUFACTURERS. recently,
MANUFACTURING_INDUSTRIES are confronted with several problems such as
SEVERE_PRICE_COMPETITION, shortening PRODUCT_LIFECYCLE, and the growing
commoditization of products. therefore, there is a movement for
MANUFACTURERS to shift to the inclusion of SERVICE_ASPECTS. along with
this trend, the concept of PRODUCT_SERVICE_SYSTEMS (pss) is proposed and
several studies have been conducted so far. as a case of pss, our
STUDY_FOCUSES on a membership_type service like car_sharing, which has
been growing recently. first, our STUDY_CONSTRUCTS three kinds of MODELS
based on GAME_THEORY: CONVENTIONAL_PRODUCT selling, non_membership_type
service in MANUFACTURING, and membership_type service in MANUFACTURING.
these are theoretically analyzed using a game_theoretic approach. second,
we CONDUCT_EXPERIMENTS with HUMAN_SUBJECTS, based on the METHODOLOGY of
EXPERIMENTAL_ECONOMICS. from those results, HUMAN_BEHAVIORAL_RULES are
extracted. third, implementing AGENTS with the BEHAVIORAL_RULES,
multi_agent SIMULATION is run. the SIMULATION_RESULTS present the same
tendency as the THEORETICAL_ANALYSIS and demonstrate that, in the case of
LARGE_PRODUCTION_COST, the membership_type service outperforms the other
MODELS in terms of manufacturer'S profit.
```

--

Record-No: 427
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Renna P., 2014, INTELL SYST REF LIBR, V55, P101
Title: integrating ERP with NEGOTIATION_TOOLS in SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
today marketplaces are characterized by a HIGH_DEGREE of dynamism where
COMPANIES_NEED to operate by matching AGILITY and EFFICIENCY.
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT has become the CRUCIAL_KEY to
COMPETITIVE_ADVANTAGE and TRADITIONAL_TOOLS for ENTERPRISE_MANAGEMENT,
such as ERP or MRP_II, need to gain capabilities to allow
inter_organizations relationships. the RESEARCH presented in here aims at
developing an extended AGENT based ERP for
ENTERPRISES_RELATIONSHIP_COORDINATION. in particular, we refer to a
vertical SUPPLY_CHAIN where SUPPLIERS operate under ASSEMBLY to order
(ato) modalities; furthermore, SUPPLIERS are organised in a "buyer
centric e_marketplace" by the assembler. in such a context, through the
use of MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM (MAS) TECHNOLOGY, the COORDINATION of the
ERP_SYSTEMS is approached by considering the DEVELOPMENT of an
ELECTRONIC_NEGOTIATION_SYSTEM. the SIMULATIONS conducted highlight the
FUNCTIONALITY of the COOPERATION among the ERP_SYSTEMS and the
improvement of the PERFORMANCE both for CUSTOMERS and SUPPLIERS.
springer_verlag berlin heidelberg 2014.
```

--

Record-No: 411
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Wu Y.-Y., 2014, INT CONF MANAGE SCI ENG ANNU CONF PROC, P315
Title: ARGUMENT based NEGOTIATION_STRATEGY based on ADAPTIVE_PBIL for resolving
CONFLICTS in SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION
Abstract:
```
the multi_agent argument_based NEGOTIATION is used to resolve the
CONFLICTS in SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION, and to change the preferences of
negotiators in DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENT in order to enhance the AGENT'S
intelligence and adaptivity. we learn opponents' preferences by PBIL and
modify PBIL'S LEARNING_RATE by adding ENVIRONMENTAL_FACTOR to improve
PBIL'S adaptivity. we verify the effectiveness of PBIL in NEGOTIATION and
compare PBIL with ADAPTIVE_PBIL by an example. the results show that PBIL
could effectively resolve the CONFLICTS in SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION,
ADAPTIVE_PBIL could get a STABLE_SOLUTION in DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENT and
promote the SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION.  2014 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 66
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Deshmukh J., 2023, PROC INT JOINT CONF AUTON AGENTS MULTIAGENT SYST
AAMAS, V2023-May, P2496
Title: MODELING APPLICATION_SCENARIOS for RESPONSIBLE_AUTONOMY using
COMPUTATIONAL_TRANSCENDENCE
Abstract:
```
with the prevalence of AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS which should act responsibly,
MULTIPLE_COMPUTATIONAL_MODELS of RESPONSIBLE_AUTONOMY have been proposed.
we explore the use of one SUCH_MODEL called COMPUTATIONAL_TRANSCENDENCE
(ct) which is based on MODELING an ELASTIC_SENSE of self as a means for
emerging RESPONSIBLE_AUTONOMY. we discuss how this MODEL can be applied
to REALISTIC_APPLICATIONS. the first application is on decision_making in
multi_agent SUPPLY_CHAINS, and the second is on adaptive signalling in a
ROAD_NETWORK. in both these APPLICATIONS, we compare ct with several
BASELINE_MODELS and find improvement across multiple application_specific
metrics. through this paper, we aim to foster increased RESEARCH_INTEREST
in COMPUTATIONAL_TRANSCENDENCE, as a means for architecting responsible
multi_agent AUTONOMY for different real_world APPLICATIONS.  2023
INTERNATIONAL_FOUNDATION for AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS and MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS
(www.ifaamas.org). all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 61
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Xu L., 2023, IFACPAPERSONLINE, V56, P11076
Title: implementation of autonomous SUPPLY_CHAINS for digital twinning: a
MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
TRADE_DISRUPTIONS, the PANDEMIC, and the UKRAINE_WAR over the PAST_YEARS
have adversely affected global SUPPLY_CHAINS, revealing their
VULNERABILITY. autonomous SUPPLY_CHAINS are an emerging topic that has
gained attention in INDUSTRY and academia as a means of increasing their
MONITORING and ROBUSTNESS. while many THEORETICAL_FRAMEWORKS exist, there
is only SPARSE_WORK to facilitate GENERALISABLE_TECHNICAL_IMPLEMENTATION.
we address this gap by investigating multi_agent SYSTEM approaches for
implementing autonomous SUPPLY_CHAINS, presenting an autonomous economic
agent_based TECHNICAL_FRAMEWORK. we illustrate this framework with a
prototype, studied in a PERISHABLE_FOOD SUPPLY_CHAIN_SCENARIO, and
discuss POSSIBLE_EXTENSIONS. copyright  2023 the authors. this is an
OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE under the cc by_nc_nd license
(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0/)
```

--

Record-No: 89
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Babaei F., 2024, ADV ENG INF, V60
Title: enabling DIGITAL_TRANSFORMATION of dynamic LOCATION_INVENTORY_ROUTING
OPTIMIZATION in natural gas to product and ENERGY_NETWORKS via a domain
adaptable ontological AGENT based framework
Abstract:
```
information and COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGY (ict) and
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai) can support the transition from
TRADITIONAL_PRACTICES toward smart SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC)
COORDINATION_SCHEMES. such a direction allows for integrating
ORGANIZATIONAL_LEVELS of NATURAL_GAS_TRANSPORTATION_ENTERPRISES,
comprising LOCATION, INVENTORY, and ROUTING_PROBLEM (lirp) decisions.
SPECIFIC_WORKS have investigated the lirp of natural gas_to_product and
ENERGY_NETWORKS. however, due to the absence of a systematic ict_assisted
mindset, no study has been oriented from the perspective of the
DYNAMIC_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT and geographic data_driven features of
LAND_RESOURCES. to handle these challenges, this STUDY_INTRODUCES a
vertically_coordinated HEURISTIC_OPTIMIZATION_FRAMEWORK, in the form of
an autonomous multi_agent SYSTEM, for the lirp of
GAS_TRANSMISSION_INFRASTRUCTURES as MAJOR_CARRIER_SYSTEMS to SUPPLY
feedstock and ENERGY_DEMANDS. VARIOUS_EXTENDABLE_BEHAVIOR_CLASSES are
programmed into the framework to support automated AGENT_SPECIALIZATIONS
regarding PROCEDURAL_TASKS of PLANNING, TRANSIENT_INVENTORY_COORDINATION,
routing, and SPATIAL_DATA_MANAGEMENT in the SPECIFIC_LIRP_SETTINGS.
moreover, the study develops an ontology_driven KNOWLEDGE_SYSTEM,
formally conceptualizing the intended application_level KNOWLEDGE
according to a GENERAL_DOMAIN_SEMANTIC_MODEL. leveraging the
KNOWLEDGE_SYSTEM, the AGENTS determine the NECESSARY_STEPS and suitable
ready_made TOOLS to solve the problem collaboratively. several
INDUSTRIAL_APPLICATIONS_SHOWCASE the capabilities of the proposed
framework. the RESULTS_MANIFEST that the devised
ONTOLOGY_AUTOMATES_MODEL_CONSTRUCTION and the ENTIRE_SOLUTION_PROCESS
while supporting AGENT_INTEROPERATION and scaling the
PLATFORM_APPLICATIONS to EMERGENT_DOMAINS. additionally,
TRANSIENT_DEMAND_FLUCTUATIONS, DYNAMIC_INVENTORY_LEVELS, and
TOPOLOGICAL_CONSIDERATIONS heavily influence long_term PLANNING. compared
to existing practices, the ontology_driven multi_agent framework expounds
a more REALISTIC_VIEW of the trade_off between STRATEGIC_INVESTMENTS and
DYNAMIC_OPERATIONAL_WELFARE in the GAS_SYSTEM. such an automated and
PRACTICAL_METHODOLOGY, in turn, realizes ai_oriented cross_functional
integrations in the enhanced product and ENERGY_SECTOR.  2024
```

--

Record-No: 51
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Bala R., 2024, PROC INT CONF COMPUT POWER COMMUN TECHNOL IC2PCT, P1482
Title: MULTI_AGENT based SMART_SYSTEM for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
the SUPPLY_CHAIN_COMPRISES numerous COMPONENTS/ identities as SUPPLIERS,
MANUFACTURERS, factories, WAREHOUSES, distributing AGENTS, etc. these
personalities are engaged in delivering RAW_MATERIALS, and COMPONENTS,
which are reassembled at the factory to make a FINAL_PRODUCT. with the
rising relevance of computer_based COMMUNICATION_TECHNOLOGIES,
COMMUNICATION_NETWORKS are increasingly vital in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT.
given the aims of the SUPPLY_CHAIN: to have the APPROPRIATE_ITEMS in the
RIGHT_AMOUNTS, at the RIGHT_LOCATION, at the RIGHT_TIME, and
MINIMUM_COST, SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT is positioned at the intersection
of many PROFESSIONAL_SECTORS. this is especially the CONSTRUCTION_CASE,
as the structure requires ITS MANUFACTURING the include many
INDUSTRIAL_ITEMS. this STUDY_FOCUSES on the CONTINUOUS_DEVELOPMENT and
RESEARCH_ACTIVITIES of MAS (multi_agent SYSTEM) for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT and gives the PRIMARY_METHODS to SUPPLY_CHAIN
communications as utilized largely in MANUFACTURING_INDUSTRIES.   2024
ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 60
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Bi M., 2024, IEEE ROBOT AUTOM, V9, P5126
Title: HETEROGENEOUS_RISK_MANAGEMENT using a MULTI_AGENT_FRAMEWORK for
SUPPLY_CHAIN disruption response
Abstract:
```
in the highly complex and stochastic global, SUPPLY_CHAIN environments,
LOCAL_ENTERPRISE_AGENTS seek distributed and DYNAMIC_STRATEGIES for
AGILE_RESPONSES to DISRUPTIONS. existing LITERATURE_EXPLORES both
centralized and DISTRIBUTED_APPROACHES, while most
WORK_NEGLECTS_TEMPORAL_DYNAMICS and the HETEROGENEITY of the
RISK_MANAGEMENT of INDIVIDUAL_AGENTS. to address this gap, this letter
presents a HETEROGENEOUS_RISK_MANAGEMENT_MECHANISM to
INCORPORATE_UNCERTAINTIES and RISK_ATTITUDES into AGENT_COMMUNICATION and
decision_making STRATEGY. hence, this APPROACH_EMPOWERS_ENTERPRISES to
handle DISRUPTIONS in STOCHASTIC_ENVIRONMENTS in a distributed way, and
in particular in the context of multi_agent CONTROL and MANAGEMENT.
through a simulated CASE_STUDY, we showcase the feasibility and
effectiveness of the proposed approach under STOCHASTIC_SETTINGS and how
the DECISION of DISRUPTION_RESPONSES_CHANGES when AGENTS hold
VARIOUS_RISK_ATTITUDES.   2016 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 16
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2024, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V3675, P1
Title: creation of SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT methods based on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
and METAHEURISTICS
Abstract:
```
currently, the INTERACTION between ITS PARTICIPANTS_PLAYS an
IMPORTANT_ROLE in the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_PROCESS. the ARTICLE
proposes a multi_agent method for selecting PRODUCT_SUPPLIERS, which
AUTOMATES_SUPPLIER_SELECTION and speeds up the decision_making PROCESS of
the seller. the developed method includes determining the characteristics
of PRODUCT_SUPPLIERS, creating a PROTOCOL for INTERACTION between the
seller and SUPPLIERS, developing methods for FORMING requirements for
SUPPLIERS, analyzing the characteristics of SUPPLIERS and evaluating
SUPPLIERS based on the results of their work. the proposed
METAHEURISTIC_METHOD for assigning orders to PRODUCT_SUPPLIERS is based
on a GENETIC_ALGORITHM and, through the use of DYNAMIC_PARAMETERS,
improves the ACCURACY and speed of the method and ensures ITS
convergence. prospects for further RESEARCH include studying the proposed
methods for a WIDE_CLASS of ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE_PROBLEMS.  2023
copyright for this paper by ITS authors.
```

--

Record-No: 59
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2024, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V3702, P36
Title: MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING methods with DYNAMIC_PARAMETERS for
LOGISTIC_TASKS
Abstract:
```
part of INDUSTRY_4.0 is BUILDING_COMPUTER_SYSTEMS by combining
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE with ROBOTICS. SUCH_COMPUTER_SYSTEMS play an
IMPORTANT_ROLE in the PLANNING of CARGO_TRANSPORTATION in
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. one of the approaches to building
SUCH_COMPUTER_SYSTEMS is the use of multi_agent systems. the aim of the
work is to create a METHODOLOGY for constructing PROACTIVE_AGENTS based
on REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING to solve the problem of OPTIMAL_PLANNING of
CARGO_TRANSPORTATION. to solve the problem of INSUFFICIENT_EFFICIENCY of
COMPUTER_AGENTS, the existing methods of statistical and MACHINE_LEARNING
were investigated. to date, the most EFFICIENT_APPROACHES to creating
PROACTIVE_AGENTS are REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_APPROACHES. the formalization
of the functioning of PROACTIVE_AGENTS is performed. as a part of
creating a MODEL for the functioning of PROACTIVE_AGENTS based on
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING, a procedure for generating a quasi_optimal action
plan is proposed that MODELS the PLANNING_FUNCTION of a PROACTIVE_AGENT,
which speeds up the decision_making PROCESS. multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING methods are proposed, which are close to
RANDOM_SEARCH at the INITIAL_ITERATIONS, and close to directed search at
the FINAL_ITERATIONS. this is ensured by the use of DYNAMIC_PARAMETERS
and allows the increase in the LEARNING_RATE by approximately 10 times
while maintaining the mean squared ERROR of the method.  2024 copyright
for this paper by ITS authors. use permitted under
CREATIVE_COMMONS_LICENSE_ATTRIBUTION 4.0 international (cc by 4.0).
```

--

Record-No: 13
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Hamou K.A.B., 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V826, P179
Title: DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEMS based on ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT: a LITERATURE_REVIEW
Abstract:
```
the aim of this paper is to provide an overview of the INTEGRATION of
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ia) in DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEMS (DSS) to solve
problems related to the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM). non_intelligent
DSS approaches based on TRADITIONAL_METHODS are unable to handle
UNSTRUCTURED_DATA, and they face GREAT_DIFFICULTIES in describing
non_linear relationships. looking for INTELLIGENT_SOLUTIONS that are able
to overcome these difficulties is becoming increasingly important and has
led to a NEW_TREND of adding INTELLIGENCE_CAPABILITY to DSS. many efforts
have been devoted to propose INTELLIGENT_DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEMS for
SCM. to shed light on the degree of AI_INTEGRATION in DSS in this
context, we present a LITERATURE_REVIEW highlighting the following
results: (a) AI_INTEGRATION in DSS for SCM was still in the
DEVELOPMENT_STAGE, (b) multi_agent systems and MACHINE_LEARNING are the
most used AI_TECHNIQUES and methods in DSS, and (c) RISK_MANAGEMENT and
PERFORMANCE_IMPROVEMENT are the most covered activities in
INTELLIGENT_DSS.  the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2024.
```

--

Record-No: 41
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Kamta H., 2024, THE CONVERGENCE SELFSUSTAINING SYST WITH AI AND IOT, P261
Title: MULTIAGENT based MANUFACTURING: foundations, APPLICATIONS, and
FUTURE_DIRECTIONS
Abstract:
```
multi_agent_based MANUFACTURING (mabm) is a cutting_edge SYSTEM that
HARNESSES_AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS to boost MODERN_PRODUCTION_PROCESSES. by
combining DECENTRALIZATION, adaptation, and COOPERATION_MABM enables the
RAPID_DEVELOPMENT of customized goods, shortened LEAD_TIMES, and
minimized WASTE. the SYSTEM effectively OPTIMIZES_ENERGY_USE and
ENVIRONMENTAL_IMPACT, critical for succeeding in today'S data_driven
MANUFACTURING world. it incorporates MULTIPLE_AGENT_KINDS and
COORDINATION_METHODOLOGIES, delivering features such as AUTONOMY,
SCALABILITY, and decision_making in real_time. while mabm has found
APPLICATIONS in many sectors, ITS greatest influence is envisaged in
high_tech MANUFACTURING, where it IMPROVES_RESOURCE_ALLOCATION,
QUALITY_CONTROL, and SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. despite ITS advantages,
mabm also has disadvantages, such as limited predictability and CONTROL.
as the TECHNOLOGY_IMPROVES, it is poised to transform MANUFACTURING,
providing autonomous and FLEXIBLE_PRODUCTION, EFFECTIVE_MANAGEMENT of
SUPPLY_CHAINS, and increased SUSTAINABILITY and REGULATORY_COMPLIANCE.
2024, igi global. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 6
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Khiloun I.E., 2024, INTELL METHODS AND ALTERN ECON MODELS FOR SUSTAIN,
P74
Title: LITERATURE_REVIEW on SUPPLY_CHAINS OPTIMIZATION using MULTI_AGENTS
COMMUNICATION and COLLABORATION
Abstract:
```
this BOOK_CHAPTER provides a concise yet COMPREHENSIVE_EXPLORATION of
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPTIMIZATION through a multi_agent approach. spanning
HISTORICAL_FOUNDATIONS to CONTEMPORARY_INTELLIGENT_METHODOLOGIES, the
LITERATURE_REVIEW_EXAMINES_COMMUNICATION, COLLABORATION, and
COORDINATION_METHODS between AGENTS. the ANALYSIS_REVEALS_ACHIEVEMENTS
and challenges, emphasizing the PIVOTAL_ROLE of INTELLIGENT_AGENTS in
enhancing decision_making and ADAPTABILITY. the chapter serves as a
VALUABLE_RESOURCE for researchers and practitioners, offering insights
into the DYNAMIC_LANDSCAPE of SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT within the context
of multi_agent systems. through this exploration, the CHAPTER_CONTRIBUTES
to shaping the future of resilient and efficient SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS.
2024, igi global. all rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 96
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Matsuda M., 2024, PROC IESA CONF, V11, P75
Title: ENTERPRISE e profiles for CONSTRUCTION of a COLLABORATIVE_NETWORK in
cyberspace
Abstract:
```
an ENTERPRISE e_profile which is used when constructing a
COLLABORATIVE_NETWORK of an ENTERPRISE in cyberspace based on the concept
of a cyber_physical SYSTEM (cps)/DIGITAL_TWIN is proposed in this paper.
by extending an ENTERPRISE_MODEL used in the virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN
CONFIGURATION_METHOD, the requirements, the structure, and
IMPLEMENTATION_METHOD for the ENTERPRISE e_profile are obtained. an
ENTERPRISE e_profile is ENTERPRISE_MODEL_DATA that describes an
ENTERPRISE'S outline, characteristics, DYNAMIC_ACTIVITY as behavior, etc.
in a COMMON_UNDERSTANDABLE_MANNER. an ENTERPRISE e_profile can be
converted into a VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISE (SOFTWARE_AGENT) as a member of a
network. when configuring a business_to_business COLLABORATIVE_NETWORK in
cyberspace, by constructing a VIRTUAL_NETWORK as a multi_agent SYSTEM, it
is possible to search the APPROPRIATE_COOPERATION_PARTNER, to consider
the APPROPRIATE_ACTION of oneself and so on. in other words, an
ENTERPRISE e_profile will act as NAME_CARD of the company in the
CYBER_BUSINESS_WORLD. four use cases using the ENTERPRISE e_profile in
the FUTURE_DIGITAL_SOCIETY are introduced to show ITS usefulness.
finally, the necessity for the INTERNATIONAL_STANDARDIZATION of
ENTERPRISE e_profiles is discussed.  the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2024.
```

--

Record-No: 94
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Motsch W., 2024, SUSTAINABILITY, V16
Title: AUTONOMOUS_AGENT based adaptation of energy optimized
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULES using EXTENSIVE_FORM_GAMES
Abstract:
```
modular cyber_physical PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS are an IMPORTANT_PARADIGM of
INDUSTRY_4.0 to react flexibly to changes. the FLEXIBILITY of those
systems is further increased with skill_based engineering and can be used
to adapt to CUSTOMER_REQUIREMENTS or to adapt MANUFACTURING to
disturbances in SUPPLY_CHAINS. further potential for application of these
systems can be found in the topic of ELECTRICAL_ENERGY SUPPLY, which is
also characterized by fluctuations. the relevance of energy_optimized
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULES for MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS in general becomes more
important with the increased use of RENEWABLE_ENERGIES. nevertheless, it
is often difficult to adapt when short_term energy price updates or
UNFORESEEN_EVENTS occur. to address these challenges with an
AUTONOMOUS_APPROACH, this CONTRIBUTION_FOCUSES on extensive_form games to
adapt energy_optimized PRODUCTION_SCHEDULES in an agent_based manner. the
paper presents agent_based MODELING to transform and monitor
energy_optimized PRODUCTION_SCHEDULES into GAME_TREES to respond to
changing ENERGY_PRICES and disturbances in PRODUCTION. the GAME is setup
with a SCHEDULER_AGENT and ENERGY_AGENTS who are considered players. the
implementation of the mechanism is presented in two use cases, realizing
DECISION_MAKING for an ENERGY_PRICE_UPDATE in a SIMULATION_EXAMPLE and
for UNFORESEEN_EVENTS in a real_world demonstrator.  2024 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 27
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Preety, 2024, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2122 CCIS, P1
Title: a COGNITIVE_ARCHITECTURE based CONVERSATION_AGENT_TECHNOLOGY for secure
COMMUNICATION
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_OUTLINES a multi_agent system_based approach to
PROVIDER_SELECTION. SUPPLIERS in the SUPPLY_CHAIN are different and the
DEMAND and SUPPLY levels are high. buy AGENTS will find the right
SUPPLY_AGENT in our approach. first, the multi_layer classification
SYSTEM is used to rationally arrange and OVERALL_SELECTION on SUPPLIERS
and buyers. secondly, the PURCHASE_INFORMATION is organized by the
SUPPLIER_AGENT to improve DEVICE_PERFORMANCE. the ASSESSMENT_PROCESS is
then used to select the SUPPLIERS initially. in addition to selecting the
CORRECT_PROVIDER and maximizing the value of the purchaser, the time
NEGOTIATING_MECHANISM is implemented.  the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2024.
```

--

Record-No: 68
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Xu L., 2024, COMPUT IND, V161
Title: on implementing autonomous SUPPLY_CHAINS: a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM approach
Abstract:
```
TRADE_RESTRICTIONS, the covid_19 PANDEMIC, and GEOPOLITICAL_CONFLICTS
have significantly exposed vulnerabilities within traditional global
SUPPLY_CHAINS. these EVENTS_UNDERSCORE the need for organisations to
establish more resilient and flexible SUPPLY_CHAINS. to address these
challenges, the concept of the autonomous SUPPLY_CHAIN (asc),
characterised by predictive and self_decision_making capabilities, has
recently emerged as a PROMISING_SOLUTION. however, RESEARCH on ascs is
relatively limited, with no existing studies specifically focusing on
their implementations. this PAPER_AIMS to address this gap by presenting
an implementation of asc using a multi_agent approach. it presents a
METHODOLOGY for the analysis and DESIGN of such an agent_based ASC_SYSTEM
(a2sc). this paper provides a CONCRETE_CASE_STUDY, the AUTONOMOUS_MEAT
SUPPLY_CHAIN, which showcases the PRACTICAL_IMPLEMENTATION of the
A2SC_SYSTEM using the proposed METHODOLOGY. additionally, a
SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE and a toolkit for developing SUCH_A2SC_SYSTEMS are
presented. despite limitations, this WORK_DEMONSTRATES a
PROMISING_APPROACH for implementing an EFFECTIVE_ASC_SYSTEM.  2024
```

--

Record-No: 70
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zhao D., 2024, RAIRO OPER RES, V58, P475
Title: EVOLUTIONARY_GAME of digital DECISION_MAKING in SUPPLY_CHAINS based on
SYSTEM_DYNAMICS
Abstract:
```
this paper primarily focuses on whether SUPPLY_CHAINS ENTERPRISES adopt a
DIGITAL_STRATEGY and the impact of VARIOUS_GOVERNMENT_MEASURES on
SUPPLY_CHAIN digital decision_making. the study develops a multi_agent
decision_making EVOLUTIONARY_GAME_MODEL to examine the STABILITY of
decision_making among the government, SUPPLIERS, and MANUFACTURERS.
additionally, a SYSTEM_DYNAMICS_MODEL is established to analyze the
governing DYNAMICS within the SUPPLY_CHAINS_DIGITAL decision_making
PROCESS, identifying CHARACTERISTIC_PATTERNS and trends. the
ANALYTICAL_RESULTS of this study illustrate the
GOVERNMENTS_STRENGTH_THRESHOLDS exist regardless of ex_part penalties or
the mix of rewards and punishment. once the GOVERNMENTS_STRENGTH_EXCEEDS
these thresholds, the EVOLUTIONARY_GAME_SYSTEM_UNDERGOES ABRUPT_CHANGES.
SUPPLIERS and MANUFACTURERS who adopt DIGITAL_STRATEGIES are more
affected by GOVERNMENT_PENALTIES than incentives. the stronger the mix of
GOVERNMENT_INCENTIVES and penalties, the higher the incentives for the
supplier and the manufacturer to adopt a DIGITAL_STRATEGY, but the lower
the incentives for the government to choose a REGULATORY_STRATEGY.
low_intensity mixed rewards and punishments, as well as low_intensity
government rewards, are EFFECTIVE_MECHANISMS for promoting government
decision_making and SUPERVISION. conversely, HIGH_GOVERNMENT_PENALTIES do
not MOTIVATE_GOVERNMENTS to choose REGULATORY_STRATEGIES. the UNIT_COST
of products to DEPLOY_DIGITAL_STRATEGIES directly affects the
FINAL_DIGITAL_STRATEGY_CHOICE of SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES. to choose a
DIGITAL_STRATEGY, SUPPLY_CHAIN_COMPANIES must ensure that the UNIT_COST
of products remains within a REASONABLE_RANGE.  the authors. published by
EDP_SCIENCES, roadef, smai 2024.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 18
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2024, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V1136 SCI
Title: 13th INTERNATIONAL_WORKSHOP on SERVICE_ORIENTATION in holonic and
MULTI_AGENT MANUFACTURING, sohoma 2023
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 48 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on SERVICE_ORIENTATION in holonic and multi_agent MANUFACTURING. the
topics include: integrating DIGITAL_TWIN_CAPABILITIES with mixed
REALITY_TECHNOLOGY _ an opportunity in EDUCATIONAL_ENGINEERING; towards a
DECISION_FRAMEWORK to SELECT_CLOUD_SERVICES for DIGITAL_TWINS; ETHICS in
PERFORMANCE_MANAGEMENT of FUTURE_INDUSTRIAL_SYSTEMS: weak and
STRONG_VIEWS; formalization and validation of
SUSTAINABILITY_ASSESSMENT_MODELS for MANUFACTURING organizations: a
FORMAL_CONCEPT_ANALYSIS_APPROACH; ENERGY_AGENTS for ENERGY_LOAD profiling
in modular skill_based PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENTS; SMART_CITY_LOGISTICS
enabled by DIGITAL_TWINS and SEMANTIC_TECHNOLOGIES; SENSITIVITY_ANALYSIS
of the SIMQL_TRUSTWORTHY_RECOMMENDATION_SYSTEM; DIGITAL_TWIN for
decision_support: an insight into the INTEGRATION of SIMULATION_MODELS
into DIGITAL_TWIN_ARCHITECTURES; a framework for defining customised kpi
in MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS; ergotwin: a DIGITAL_TWIN_MODEL for MONITORING
the POSTURAL_RISKS on INDUSTRIAL_WORKERS; a framework for enhancing
human_agent INTERACTION in cyber_physical systems:
OCRA_MEASUREMENT_PERSPECTIVE; exploring human_machine relations and
approaches for TASK_MANAGEMENT in DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENTS: a
COMPREHENSIVE_LITERATURE_REVIEW; DIGITAL_TWIN_ARCHITECTURE for ambient
assisted living; towards SUSTAINABLE_URBAN_LOGISTICS: an
optimization_simulation approach for ELECTRIC_VEHICLES routing in
SHORT_FOOD SUPPLY_CHAINS; INTEGRATION of REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_AGENT to
reduce COORDINATOR_LIMITATIONS in cyber_physical PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS;
WORKERS_FATIGUE_STATUS MONITORING SYSTEM via WEARABLE_DEVICES; a
hyper_heuristic for DYNAMIC_SCHEDULING of cyber_physical
PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS using INCREMENTAL_LEARNING; SIMULATION of a kitting
SYSTEM for the REPLENISHMENT of an AUTOMOTIVE_ASSEMBLY_LINE;
RISK_ASSESSMENT for DIGITAL_TWINS applied in SYSTEMS_MEDICINE; the
RESILIENCE of EMERGENCY_DEPARTMENTS: definition and characterization;
exploration of (de_)centralising SCHEDULING in an EMERGENCY_DEPARTMENT;
preface.
```

--

Record-No: 30
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Bai Z., 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12702
Title: ENVIRONMENT_DESIGN and CONSTRUCTION of REAL_TIME dispatching and
INTELLIGENT_DECISION_MAKING_SIMULATION_SYSTEM for integrated coal
SUPPLY_CHAIN of LARGE_ENERGY_GROUP
Abstract:
```
in order to meet the requirements of real_time INTELLIGENT
decision_making SIMULATION for the integrated coal SUPPLY_CHAIN of
LARGE_ENERGY_GROUP, the existing BUSINESS_SCOPE and characteristics are
summarized and analyzed to solve the problems caused by the
characteristics of large_scale, COMPLEX_STRUCTURE, multiple influencing
factors, and RAPID_DYNAMIC_CHANGES of COMPLEX_SYSTEMS. first, the
APPLICATION_SCENARIOS of the SIMULATION_BUSINESS_ENVIRONMENT are
analyzed. then, based on the multi_agent MODELING method, the
SIMULATION_BUSINESS_ENVIRONMENT of real_time dispatching and INTELLIGENT
decisionmaking is constructed, and the FUNCTIONAL_ARCHITECTURE, PROCESS,
and INTERFACE_PROTOTYPE of the SIMULATION_ENVIRONMENT are designed.
moreover, VERIFICATION_EXPERIMENTS based on TYPICAL_SCENARIOS are also
established for the APPLICATION_PRACTICE of the MODEL in the
BUSINESS_ENVIRONMENT. the VERIFICATION_RESULTS_REFLECT the
EXCELLENT_ADAPTABILITY and generalization of the SIMULATION_MODEL to the
COMPLEX_SYSTEM. finally, based on these results, the
FUTURE_ENGINEERING_APPLICATION of the SIMULATION_SYSTEM is forecasted.
2023 spie. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 36
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Deshmukh J., 2023, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13955 LNAI, P76
Title: resolving the dilemma of RESPONSIBILITY in MULTI_AGENT flow NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
multi_agent NETWORKS often face the dilemma of RESPONSIBILITY where
optimising for INDIVIDUAL_UTILITY may result in sub_optimal network_level
outcomes. but, imposing constraints on INDIVIDUAL_AGENTS for obtaining
better network_level indicators, may severely impede their utilities and
rationale for participating in the network. we address this problem of
the CONFLICT between INDIVIDUAL_UTILITY and COLLECTIVE_OUTCOMES, using a
DECENTRALISED approach called COMPUTATIONAL_TRANSCENDENCE (ct) which is
based on MODELLING AGENTS with an ELASTIC_SENSE of self. we discuss how
this MODEL can be applied to realistic multi_agent APPLICATION_SCENARIOS.
the first scenario is on decision_making in multi_agent SUPPLY_CHAINS,
and the second is on adaptive signalling in a ROAD_NETWORK. in both these
APPLICATIONS, we compare ct with several BASELINE_MODELS and find
improvements across multiple application_specific metrics. ct is shown to
OUTPERFORM_STRATEGIES for INDIVIDUAL_UTILITY_MAXIMISATION, by improving
network_level indicators in an EMERGENT_MANNER, without posing a
HIGH_BURDEN of RESPONSIBILITY on INDIVIDUAL_AGENTS.  2023, the author(s),
under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 78
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2023, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V3373, P34
Title: method for creating a COMPUTER_AGENT based on the jordan elman
NEURAL_NETWORK for SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
the paper proposes a method for creating a COMPUTER_AGENT for
SUPPLY_CHAINS. the novelty of the RESEARCH lies in the fact that to
increase the EFFICIENCY of the COMPUTER_AGENT, ITS functioning is based
on the CONNECTIONIST_APPROACH instead of using the CLASSICAL_PRODUCTION
and LOGICAL_APPROACH. to expand the range of tasks solved by AGENTS, the
ARTICLE proposes a REACTIVE_AGENT with FEEDBACK, which makes a DECISION
based on perception or a sequence of perceptions and a PREVIOUS_ACTION or
a sequence of PREVIOUS_ACTIONS, as well as a REACTIVE_AGENT with an
INTERNAL_STATE and FEEDBACK, which is an extension of the REACTIVE_AGENT
with an INTERNAL_STATE and makes a DECISION based on perception,
PREVIOUS_INTERNAL_STATE, and PREVIOUS_ACTION. for a REACTIVE_AGENT with
an INTERNAL_STATE and FEEDBACK, a jordan_elman ARTIFICIAL_NEURAL_NETWORK
was proposed, which is a combination of jordan and ELMAN_NEURAL_NETWORKS,
and the structure of ITS MODEL was determined in the course of a
NUMERICAL_STUDY. the EXPERIMENTS performed showed that when the number of
hidden neurons is not less than the number of neurons in the INPUT_LAYER,
the value of the root mean SQUARE_ERROR does not change significantly,
and the selected network gives results with a MINIMUM_ERROR. methods for
determining the parameters of the proposed jordan_elman NEURAL_NETWORK
MODEL were proposed. this made it possible to ENSURE_HIGH_SPEED and
ACCURACY of CALCULATIONS based on the MODEL. the proposed method for
creating an AGENT based on ARTIFICIAL_NEURAL_NETWORKS can be used in
VARIOUS_INTELLIGENT_COMPUTER_SYSTEMS that use multi_agent INTERACTION.
2023 copyright for this paper by ITS authors.
```

--

Record-No: 55
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Icarte-Ahumada G., 2023, INGENIARE, V31
Title: application of a MULTIAGENT_SYSTEM for RESOURCE_DISTRIBUTION in
HUMANITARIAN_LOGISTICS;
Abstract:
```
in HUMANKINDS_HISTORY, many natural and man_made DISASTERS have happened
and will continue to happen. in a post_disaster scenario, many processes
and actors must be organized to provide the needed supplies to the
affected people. although it is similar to a SUPPLY_CHAIN, it is called
HUMANITARIAN_LOGISTICS in a DISASTER_CONTEXT. many papers present
CENTRALIZED_APPROACHES to organizing DIFFERENT_ASPECTS of
HUMANITARIAN_LOGISTICS. however, a centralized approach is not always
appropriate due to the DYNAMICS and UNCERTAINTY present in a
post_disaster scenario. this paper describes a distributed approach based
on MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS (MAS) to organize the elements of
HUMANITARIAN_LOGISTICS in a post_disaster scenario (mas_hl).
INTELLIGENT_AGENTS in the mas_hl, represent real_world elements, such as
affected zones, DISTRIBUTION_CENTERS, donors, and TRUCKS. the AGENTS
negotiate among themselves using a contract_net PROTOCOL (cnp) to
organize the OPERATIONS of the elements represented. due to DYNAMICS and
UNCERTAINTY in a post_disaster scenario, the AGENTS must reorganize the
OPERATIONS of the elements. the mas_hl is evaluated by simulating and
evaluating a CASE_STUDY focused on bottled WATER_DELIVERY in
post_disaster scenarios, they represent when MAJOR_CHANGES occur. the
COMPUTATIONAL_RESULTS confirmed that the mas_hl quickly GENERATES_PLANS
to organize the elements of HUMANITARIAN_LOGISTICS and reorganize the
plans when the ENVIRONMENT_CHANGES.  2023, universidad de tarapaca. all
rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 49
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Kara M., 2023, ENG PROC, V56
Title: a secure MULTI_AGENT based DECISION_MODEL using a CONSENSUS_MECHANISM for
INTELLIGENT_MANUFACTURING tasks
Abstract:
```
multi_agent systems (MASS) have gained a lot of interest recently, due to
their ability to solve problems that are difficult or even impossible for
an INDIVIDUAL_AGENT. however, an IMPORTANT_PROCEDURE that NEEDS_ATTENTION
in designing multi_agent systems, and consequently APPLICATIONS that
UTILIZE_MASS, is achieving a FAIR_AGREEMENT between the involved AGENTS.
researchers try to prevent AGREEMENT_MANIPULATION by utilizing
DECENTRALIZED_CONTROL and strategic voting. moreover, emphasis is given
to LOCAL_DECISION_MAKING and perception of events occurring locally. this
manuscript presents a novel secure decision_support ALGORITHM in a
multi_agent SYSTEM that aims to ensure the SYSTEMS_ROBUSTNESS and
credibility. the proposed consensus_based MODEL can be applied to
PRODUCTION_PLANNING and CONTROL, SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT, and
PRODUCT_DESIGN and DEVELOPMENT. the ALGORITHM_CONSIDERS an OPEN_SYSTEM;
I.e., the number of AGENTS present can be variable in each procedure.
while a group of AGENTS can make DIFFERENT_DECISIONS during a task, the
ALGORITHM_CHOOSES one of these decisions in a way that is logical, safe,
efficient, fast, and is not influenced by factors that might affect
PRODUCTION.  2023 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 7
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Li Y./2, 2023, SUSTAINABILITY, V15
Title: a SIMULATION based study on the optimal PRICING_STRATEGY of
SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
in this paper, the UTILITY_FUNCTION_MODEL is applied to study the
PRICING_STRATEGY and order/PRODUCTION_STRATEGY of a two_echelon
SUPPLY_CHAIN. through local point_to_point COMMUNICATION between
multi_agents and considering the RANDOM_COMMUNICATION_DELAY of the
SYSTEM, the UTILITY_FUNCTION is maximized based on the
CONSISTENCY_THEORY, and the OPTIMAL_PRICE and ORDER_QUANTITY are
determined. the proposed ALGORITHM is distributed and COLLABORATIVE,
which avoids the centralized DEMAND for all NODE_INFORMATION and the
drawbacks of SYSTEM_PARALYSIS caused by NODE_FAILURE. in addition, we
carried out a NUMERICAL_SIMULATION to verify the THEORETICAL_RESULTS and
demonstrate the effectiveness of the multi_agent CONSENSUS THEORY in the
STABLE_OPERATION of SUPPLY_AND_DEMAND within a SUPPLY_CHAIN when there is
a RANDOM_COMMUNICATION_DELAY and the SUDDEN_FAILURE of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISE. it further explains how the coefficient of
CONSUMER_SENSITIVITY to PRICE_AFFECTS PRICING and order/PRODUCTION
strategies.  2023 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 11
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Liu Z./2, 2023, IFACPAPERSONLINE, V56, P7840
Title: SIMULATION_BASED_OPTIMIZATION using virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN structured by
the CONFIGURATION_PLATFORM
Abstract:
```
this study develops a DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM for optimizing the
PERFORMANCE of virtual SUPPLY_CHAINS. in the proposed framework, an
EXHAUSTIVE_SEARCH_ALGORITHM is developed to search for all the
POSSIBLE_SOLUTIONS. for each CANDIDATE_SOLUTION that is generated by the
ALGORITHM, a CONFIGURATION_PLATFORM is used to generate a virtual
SUPPLY_CHAIN and evaluate ITS PERFORMANCE. the PERFORMANCE of the
proposed DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM is examined on a SMALL_SIZE
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPTIMIZATION problem. the EXPERIMENTAL_RESULTS show that the
proposed ALGORITHM can find the OPTIMAL_SOLUTION for the
OPTIMAL_MANUFACTURER_SELECTION and LOT_SIZE_PROBLEM. copyright  2023 the
authors. this is an OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE under the cc by_nc_nd license
(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0/)
```

--

Record-No: 74
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Meziani A., 2023, J INTELLIGENT FUZZY SYST, V44, P3695
Title: neutromas4scrm : a combined MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM with
NEUTROSOPHIC_DATA_ANALYTIC_HIERARCHY_PROCESS_FRAMEWORK for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_RISK_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
EFFECTIVE_RISK_MANAGEMENT_REACTION_IMPROVES the absorption of
CRITICAL_IMPACTS on SUPPLY_CHAINS. SUPPLY_CHAIN risk (scr) sources, like
CONTROL, PROCESS, DEMAND, and SUPPLY, need to be identified, assessed,
and mitigated to make RATIONAL_DECISIONS immediately. LATE_DETECTION of a
DISRUPTIVE_EVENT can cause delays in handling risk. since SCRS_CONSIST of
complex, uncertain, and INCOMPLETE_INFORMATION, most of the provided
RISK_ASSESSMENT_MECHANISMS cannot handle it in real_time. hence, in this
paper, we INTRODUCE_NEUTROMAS4SCRM, a framework incorporating real_time
multi_agent systems (MAS) with
NEUTROSOPHIC_DATA_ANALYTIC_HIERARCHY_PROCESSES to best deal with the
COMPLEXITY, UNCERTAINTY, and vagueness of scr management_related issues
and which can hence help decision_makers adopt less RISKY_DECISIONS. in
addition, the MAS_TECHNOLOGY_CONTRIBUTION to SCR_MANAGEMENT is outlined
through a COMPARATIVE_STUDY among the most RECENT_STUDIES. in contrast,
the proposed MAS for the SUPPLY_CHAIN is implemented under the
JADE_AGENT_PLATFORM, where the fipa_acl_based MESSAGE_CONTENT is
specified using a dedicated ONTOLOGY. a simulation_based
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM is used to assess the COST_RISK and ITS harmful
effects and determine how well the proposed framework can help
COMPANIES_MANAGE_RISKS efficiently. the SIMULATION has proven to reduce
RISK_COSTS by about 85%.   2023 _ IOS_PRESS. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 19
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Rajbala, 2023, CONTEMP STUD RISKS IN EMERG TECHNOL PART A, P111
Title: INTELLIGENT_AGENT based SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using
SERVICE_ORIENTED_ARCHITECTURE
Abstract:
```
purpose: TECHNOLOGICAL_INNOVATIONS and frameworks that provide a
framework for unification have evolved to improve INFORMATION_EXCHANGE
across ORGANISATIONAL_UNITS and INFORMATION_SECURITY. these
INTEGRATION_TECHNOLOGIES share and COMMUNICATE_INFORMATION using defined
PROTOCOLS and DIFFERENT_DATA. service_oriented ARCHITECTURE (SOA) is a
significant emerging approach that enables
MODULAR_DESIGN_SOLUTION_CONSTRUCTION. METHODOLOGY: these designs are
beneficial when many apps operating on DIFFERENT_ARCHITECTURES and
NETWORKS_NEED to connect. a well_defined STRATEGY and company_specific
guidelines are essential for ensuring the firm'S systematic adoption of
such an ARCHITECTURE. the CRITICAL_COMPONENTS of massoascm '(multi_agent
SYSTEM SERVICE_ORIENTED_ARCHITECTURE SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT' are a
multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS), a serviceoriented structure, and
SUPPLIER_MANAGEMENT. the MASSOASCM_MODEL has been made, and a
PRODUCTION_UNIT has been made to show how it works. findings: it has been
stated that it saves DEVELOPMENT_COSTS, and INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT, all of
which are critical concerns in any company. our goal is to create an
INVENTORY_CONTROL_APPROACH that relies on MAS and SOA but also a
SIMULATION that demonstrates how it works and may enhance
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) PRODUCTIVITY in a PRODUCTION_PLANT.
PRACTICAL_IMPLICATIONS: the SCM_IMPLEMENTATION_COMPRISES three
DIFFERENT_SERVICES: SCM, SOA, and MAS. these facilities are constructed,
maintained, planned, and implemented individually before being brought
together collectively using MAS and SOA_TECHNIQUES.  2023 by rajbala,
PAWAN_KUMAR_SINGH_NAIN and AVADHESH_KUMAR.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 23
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Sun H., 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12645
Title: RESEARCH on INVENTORY_CONTROL of DUAL_CHANNEL SUPPLY_CHAIN based on
MULTI_AGENT
Abstract:
```
with the RAPID_DEVELOPMENT of e_commerce, more and more ENTERPRISES are
committed to online and OFFLINE dual_channel OPERATION. the EMERGENCE of
dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN increases the difficulty of
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. this paper deeply discusses the
INVENTORY_PROBLEM in dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN. based on the multi_agent
method, this PAPER_CONSTRUCTS the SUPPLY_CHAIN_INVENTORY_MODEL and
USES_ANYLOGIC_SOFTWARE for SIMULATION. it discussed the dual_channel
SUPPLY_CHAIN under the centralized and DECENTRALIZED
INVENTORY_CONTROL_MODES respectively, to study the
OPTIMAL_INVENTORY_DECISION of dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS when
consumers have the behaviors of free riding, changing channels, and
giving up buying. and compared the SUPPLY_CHAIN operating under the two
modes. it is found that under the premise of the same MARKET_DEMAND, the
TOTAL_PROFIT of a centralized dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN is slightly
greater than that of a DECENTRALIZED dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN, ITS
AVERAGE_INVENTORY_LEVEL and CUSTOMER_TURNOVER are also better than a
DECENTRALIZED.  2023 spie.
```

--

Record-No: 17
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zekhnini K., 2023, J INTELL MANUF
Title: a MULTI_AGENT based BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS_SYSTEM for
VIABLE_SUPPLIER_SELECTION
Abstract:
```
the world is characterized by volatility, UNCERTAINTY, COMPLEXITY, and
ambiguity (vuca). in such an ENVIRONMENT, the VIABILITY in terms of
DIGITALIZATION, RESILIENCE, and SUSTAINABILITY_CAPABILITIES has gained
WORLDWIDE_ATTENTION in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. therefore, it is crucial
to give SPECIAL_CONSIDERATION to these paradigms when selecting
SUPPLIERS. moreover, the availability of data in digital SUPPLY_CHAIN
systems can aid in SUPPLIER_SELECTION by using
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE_TECHNIQUES to identify VIABLE_SUPPLIERS. this
approach can streamline the SUPPLIER_SELECTION_PROCESS and LEAD to more
efficient and effective MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS. thus, it is necessary
to have a BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS_INFRASTRUCTURE in todays data_driven world.
in this context, this PAPER_AIMS to DESIGN a multi_agent SYSTEM that
belongs to the THEORY of distributed ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE based on
BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS to give a STRONG_TOOL for finding the best
VIABLE_SUPPLIERS based on a thorough and data_driven EVALUATION. to do
so, designing a multi_agent_based
BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS_SYSTEM_MODEL_NECESSITATES identifying the
MULTIPLE_CRITERIA needed for selecting VIABLE_SUPPLIERS in real_time
decision_making. to this end, through a LITERATURE_REVIEW, this
PAPER_ANALYZES more than 140 publications and identifies the
MAIN_CRITERIA needed for VIABLE_SUPPLIERS_SELECTION in the VUCA_WORLD.
therefore, the proposed SYSTEM can be used as an
INTELLIGENT_VIABLE_SUPPLIER_SELECTION that improves the quality of the
PROCESS and controls it while considering DIFFERENT_CAPABILITIES. it
presents a COMPREHENSIVE_MODEL for VIABLE_SUPPLIER_SELECTION, consisting
of four MAIN_LAYERS: decision_making SYSTEM, DATA_RESOURCES,
SUPPLIER_SELECTION, and BIG_DATA_ANALYTICS. the MODEL_INCORPORATES six
types of AGENTS: SUPPLIERS_AGENT, RESOURCE_AGENT,
KNOWLEDGE_MANAGEMENT_AGENT, PILOT_AGENT, ANALYST_AGENT, and
decision_making AGENT. the INTEGRATION of these LAYERS and AGENTS enables
real_time data_driven decision_making, contributing to the selection of
VIABLE_SUPPLIERS in a volatile and UNCERTAIN_ENVIRONMENT. the proposed
MODEL_ENHANCES SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE in the DIGITAL_ERA, offering a
ROBUST_TOOL for both academics and practitioners to improve the quality
of SUPPLIER_SELECTION.  2023, the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENCE to
springer science+business media, llc, part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 83
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zhu Y., 2023, ADV NEURAL INF PROCES SYST, V36
Title: ofcourse: a MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING ENVIRONMENT for
ORDER_FULFILLMENT
Abstract:
```
the DRAMATIC_GROWTH of global e_commerce has led to a surge in DEMAND for
efficient and cost_effective ORDER_FULFILLMENT which can increase
CUSTOMERS' SERVICE_LEVELS and sellers' COMPETITIVENESS. however, managing
ORDER_FULFILLMENT is challenging due to a series of
INTERDEPENDENT_ONLINE_SEQUENTIAL decision_making problems. to clear this
hurdle, rather than solving the problems separately as attempted in some
RECENT_RESEARCHES, this paper proposes a method based on multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING to integratively solve the series of
interconnected problems, encompassing order handling, packing and pickup,
storage, order consolidation, and last_mile delivery. in particular, we
MODEL the integrated problem as a MARKOV_GAME, wherein a team of
AGENTS_LEARNS a JOINT_POLICY via interacting with a
SIMULATED_ENVIRONMENT. since no SIMULATED_ENVIRONMENT supporting the
COMPLETE_ORDER_FULFILLMENT_PROBLEM_EXISTS, we DEVISE_ORDER_FULFILLMENT
cooperative multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING SCALABLE_ENVIRONMENT
(ofcourse) in the OPENAI_GYM_STYLE, which allows reproduction and
re_utilization to build customized APPLICATIONS. by constructing the
FULFILLMENT_SYSTEM in ofcourse, we optimize a JOINT_POLICY that solves
the integrated problem, facilitating sequential order_wise OPERATIONS
across all FULFILLMENT_UNITS and minimizing the TOTAL_COST of fulfilling
all orders within the promised time. with ofcourse, we also demonstrate
that the JOINT_POLICY learned by multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
outperforms the combination of locally OPTIMAL_POLICIES. the SOURCE_CODE
of ofcourse is available at: https://github.com/gityiheng/ofcourse.  2023
NEURAL_INFORMATION_PROCESSING_SYSTEMS_FOUNDATION. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 92
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2023, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V1083 SCI
Title: 12th INTERNATIONAL_WORKSHOP on SERVICE_ORIENTED, holonic and MULTI_AGENT
MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS for the INDUSTRY of the future, sohoma 2022
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 34 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on SERVICE_ORIENTED, holonic and multi_agent MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS for
the INDUSTRY of the future. the topics include: requirements for a
DIGITAL_TWIN for an EMERGENCY_DEPARTMENT; a DIGITAL_TWIN_SYSTEM to
integrate DATA_SILOS in RAILWAY_INFRASTRUCTURE; DIGITAL_TWIN_LIFECYCLE:
core challenges and open issues; distributed CONTROL_ARCHITECTURE for
managing INTERNAL_RISKS in HAZARDOUS_INDUSTRIES; BLOCKCHAIN_ADOPTION for
AUTONOMOUS_TRAIN: opportunities and challenges; solving a
JOB_SHOP_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM using q_learning ALGORITHM; SEMANTIC_APPROACH
to FORMALIZE_KNOWLEDGE from building RENOVATION_DOMAIN: application to
the ISOBIM_PROJECT; PHYSICAL_INTERNET SUPPLY_CHAIN:
SHORT_LITERATURE_REVIEW and RESEARCH_PERSPECTIVE on strategic and
OPERATIONAL_LEVELS; a systems engineering_oriented LEARNING_FACTORY for
INDUSTRY_4.0; alignment of DIGITAL_TWIN_SYSTEMS with the rami 4.0 MODEL
using multi_agent systems; exploring the implications of OPENAI_CODEX on
EDUCATION for INDUSTRY_4.0; on PRACTICAL_ACTIVITIES for EDUCATION in
INDUSTRY_4.0; the immersive mixed reality: a NEW_OPPORTUNITY for
EXPERIMENTAL_LABS in ENGINEERING_EDUCATION using hololens 2; challenges
of material handling SYSTEM_DESIGN in the context of INDUSTRY_4.0;
INTEGRATION of ETHICAL_ISSUES in the 4.0 transition of
INTERNAL_LOGISTICS_OPERATIONS; ETHICAL_INTERNAL_LOGISTICS 4.0:
observations and suggestions from a working INTERNAL_LOGISTICS_CASE;
predicting MEDICINE_DEMAND_FLUCTUATIONS through MARKOV_CHAIN; the role of
low_cost digitalisation in improving OPERATIONS_MANAGEMENT;
function_as_a_service on edge for INDUSTRIAL_DIGITALIZATION: an
off_the_shelf CASE_STUDY; CONTROL of OPEN_MOBILE_ROBOTIC_PLATFORM using
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; a DESIGN_PROCESS for holonic cyber_physical
systems using the arti and BASE_ARCHITECTURES; investigations on
real_time image recognition with CONVOLUTIONAL_NEURAL_NETWORKS on
INDUSTRIAL_CONTROLLERS.
```

--

Record-No: 188
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Rajbala, 2022, INT CONF ADV COMPUT INNOV TECHNOL ENG ICACITE, P1510
Title: SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using SOFT_COMPUTING: a REVIEW
Abstract:
```
participating members in a MANUFACTURING SUPPLY_CHAIN usually use an
INFORMATION_SYSTEM like ENTERPRISE_RESOURCES PLANNING (ERP) for PLANNING
and SCHEDULING_ACTIVITIES independently. RECENT_RESEARCH indicates that
there is a need to handle such distributed activities in an integrated
manner, especially under uncertain and fast changing environments. a
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM, a branch of distributed ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE, is a
contemporary MODELING TECHNIQUE for a DISTRIBUTED_SYSTEM in the
MANUFACTURING domain. this distributed MODELING TECHNIQUE is suitable for
integrating SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS, which have distributed entities within
the SYSTEM. each SYSTEM makes DECISION locally, I.e., a
LOCAL_INFORMATION_SYSTEM. by adopting a MULTI_AGENT MODELING TECHNIQUE,
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS can be built efficiently based on an
INFORMATION_SYSTEM. this PAPER_COMPILE_EMPIRICAL_FINDINGS on using
SOFT_COMPUTING TECHNOLOGY_APPLICATIONS insupply CHAIN_MANAGEMENT to
improve the SUPPLY_CHAIN_EFFICIENCY.  2022 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 141
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Dabaj F.Z., 2021, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAGE, P7055
Title: dynamic PLANNING integrated to PRODUCTION and MAINTENANCE in
COMPOSITES_INDUSTRY: application of MASE_METHODOLOGY
Abstract:
```
in the COMPOSITES_INDUSTRY, each change must take into ACCOUNT_LOT of
parameters before being able to set it up. this requires an
IMPORTANT_AMOUNT of data SHARING in a limited time. nonetheless, only a
MINOR_PART of this data is concretely used by the planners for an almost
real_time analysis and OPTIMIZATION within PRODUCTION_SYSTEMS. this paper
proposes a multi_agent approach for dynamic PLANNING integrated to
PRODUCTION and MAINTENANCE. according to the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS_REFERENCE_MODEL (scor), to focus on the PROCESS
of transforming products to a finished state to meet projected or
ACTUAL_DEMAND, we will work on the make area of SUPPLY_CHAIN. this
PAPER_AIMS to present the problem of SUPPLY_CHAIN dynamic PLANNING
considering MAINTENANCE_INTERVENTIONS and using a multi_agent SYSTEM
(MAS). the MAIN_OBJECTIVE of the SYSTEM is ensuring COLLABORATION between
three DIFFERENT_ENTITIES, PLANNING, PRODUCTION and MAINTENANCE in order
to take better decisions. to MODEL the proposed SYSTEM, we used the
multi_agent SYSTEM_ENGINEERING (mase) METHODOLOGY.  IEOM_SOCIETY
international.
```

--

Record-No: 134
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Dhaouadi R., 2021, INT J BUS INF SYST, V38, P62
Title: constraint based RECOMMENDER for PROCUREMENT_OPPORTUNITIES
Abstract:
```
we propose a RECOMMENDER which deals with the suggestion of suitable
supplying opportunities. the established SYSTEM is addressed to the
HANDICRAFT_WOMEN_COMMUNITIES. it targets to respond to their needs and
fit their expectations. indeed, the RECOMMENDATION_MECHANISM is based on
the FINAL_USERS_PROFILES, preferences and constraints. moreover, the
adopted RECOMMENDATION_STRATEGY is HYBRID. it includes both the KNOWLEDGE
and the DEMOGRAPHIC_APPROACHES for better PERFORMANCE. additionally, we
proposed two RECOMMENDATION_ALGORITHMS in order to select and rank
SUITABLE_SUPPLIERS. in order to validate our approach we designed and
developed a CONTEXT_ONTOLOGY based multi_agent SYSTEM. technically, we
developed a J2EE_APPLICATION based on the JSF_TECHNOLOGY. moreover, we
introduced INTERESTING_EXPERIMENTATION_RESULTS showing that our SYSTEM is
accurate and novel. copyright  2021 INDERSCIENCE_ENTERPRISES_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 192
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2021, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V2864, P1
Title: LONG_TERM FORECASTING method in the SUPPLY_CHAIN based on an
ARTIFICIAL_NEURAL_NETWORK with MULTI_AGENT METAHEURISTIC training
Abstract:
```
the problem of increasing the EFFICIENCY of long_term FORECASTING in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN is examined. NEURAL_NETWORK FORECASTING methods that are
based on RESERVOIR_CALCULATIONS, which increases the FORECAST_ACCURACY,
are proposed. methods for identifying parameters of FORECAST MODELS based
on the METAHEURISTICS are proposed for the methods mentioned above. these
methods were researched on the basis of the data from the
LOGISTICS_COMPANY_EKOL_UKRAINE and are intended for INTELLIGENT
computer_based SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS.  2021 copyright for this
paper by ITS authors.
```

--

Record-No: 145
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Pal K., 2021, HANDB RES ON DECI SCI AND APPLICATIONS IN THE
TRANSPORTATION SECTOR, P305
Title: managing green SUPPLY_CHAIN TRANSPORTATION OPERATION using
MULTI_AGENT_FRAMEWORK
Abstract:
```
the concept of SOFTWARE_AGENT has become essential in both
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai) and MAINSTREAM_COMPUTER_SCIENCE. multi_agent
systems (MAS) provide the way to DESIGN and implement
INFORMATION_SYSTEM_SOLUTIONS that EXHIBIT_FLEXIBILITY in a distributed
ENVIRONMENT. SIMULATION_PLAYS a CRUCIAL_ROLE in analyzing MAS_SOLUTIONS'
behaviour during the automated SOFTWARE_SOLUTION_ANALYSIS and
DESIGN_PHASE. this CHAPTER_USES the idea of multi_agent computing and
provides a SOFTWARE_FRAMEWORK for green SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT,
CARBON_FOOTPRINT_ASSESSMENT_PLANNING for a
MULTIMODAL_TRANSPORTATION_SCENARIO. in this framework, the
SOFTWARE_AGENTS' OPERATIONAL_ACTIVITIES managed with the help of a HYBRID
knowledgebased SYSTEM that uses rule_based reasoning (rbr) and case_based
reasoning (CBR). the presented FRAMEWORK_ACCEPTS a
TRANSPORT_LOGISTIC_SERVICE_REQUEST and creates a TRANSPORT_PLAN that
helps OPTIMIZE_ENVIRONMENTAL_IMPACT (I.e., CO2_FOOTPRINT) by retrieving
best practices (I.e., CARBON_FOOTPRINT_PERSPECTIVE) for each route from a
repository of best_practiced cases.  2021, igi global.
```

--

Record-No: 179
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Rebecca T., 2021, INT J DECIS SUPPORT SYST TECHNOL, V13, P1
Title: CONCEPTUAL_MODEL based on normative MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for SUPPLY_CHAIN
INTEGRATION of BRAZILIAN_GYPSUM_LPA
Abstract:
```
the BRAZILIAN_GYPSUM has one of the highest levels of recognized
MINERAL_QUALITIES in the world. COMPANIES that operate in this
SECTOR_SUPPORT_MAJOR economy_driving industries such as
CIVIL_CONSTRUCTION, ARCHITECTURE, MEDICINE, and AGRICULTURE and are an
input for the MANUFACTURE of paints, phosphors, and insecticides, among
others. most of the COMPANIES that constitute this sector are small and
medium_sized ENTERPRISES (SMES), which require SUPPLY_CHAIN SOLUTIONS to
maintain COMPETITION in MARKET_SHARE. SUPPLY_CHAIN INTEGRATION as a
COLLABORATIVE_SOLUTION has become a NECESSARY_STRATEGY for enhancing SMES
decision_making capability. this study proposes a CONCEPTUAL_MODEL based
on a normative multi_agent SYSTEM approach that offers a DYNAMIC_VIEW
about SUPPLY_CHAIN INTEGRATION for MANAGERS and other STAKEHOLDERS. from
this contribution, it is possible to obtain CONSTANT_INFORMATION_FLOW
among STAKEHOLDERS and build an EFFECTIVE_STRATEGIC_CONTEXT for SMES in
the BRAZILIAN_GYPSUM_LOCAL PRODUCTIVE_ARRANGEMENT (lpa). copyright  2021,
igi global.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 185
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Yang J., 2021, KNOWL MANAGE RES PRACT
Title: MODEL of an ENTERPRISE_KNOWLEDGE_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM based on
MULTIAGENT_TECHNOLOGY in distributed ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE
Abstract:
```
based on the KNOWLEDGE_CHAIN_MODEL, this PAPER_FOCUSES on the
introduction of MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS. MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS are also an
EFFECTIVE_SOLUTION for distributed ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE. additionally,
distributed ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE has promoted the DEVELOPMENT of
MULTIPLE_AGENTS. we INTRODUCE_MULTIAGENT_TECHNOLOGY in distributed
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE, propose a multiagent_based
KNOWLEDGE_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM_MODEL, discuss the MODEL_ARCHITECTURE
and the FUNCTIONS of each AGENT in the MODEL, and study the COMMUNICATION
between the AGENTS in the MODEL and COLLABORATION_MECHANISMS. from the
perspective of SUPPLY_CHAIN KNOWLEDGE and capabilities, the
KNOWLEDGE_LEVEL among SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES is discussed, and a
COLLABORATIVE_KNOWLEDGE_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_MODEL between
SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES is constructed to provide guidance for achieving
COLLABORATION among SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES.
OPERATIONAL_RESEARCH_SOCIETY 2021.
```

--

Record-No: 140
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Ye H., 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P33
Title: MULTI_AGENT SELECTION_MODEL of KNOWLEDGE_INTEGRATION_PARTNER in
DUAL_CHANNEL SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
KNOWLEDGE_CHAIN is one of the COMPONENTS of DUAL_CHANNEL
SUPPLY_CHAIN_VALUE creation. in the PROCESS of the INTEGRATION of the
dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN, it is necessary to constantly take updated
measures to rebuild the NEW_KNOWLEDGE_CHAIN, so that it can adapt to the
changing EXTERNAL_ENVIRONMENT and the adjustment of INDUSTRIAL_STRUCTURE.
by constructing a multi_agent SELECTION_MODEL, this paper selects the
partners who participate in KNOWLEDGE_INTEGRATION in the dual_channel
SUPPLY_CHAIN, promotes the formation of the SYSTEM_TRUST in the
dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN, improves the EFFICIENCY of KNOWLEDGE transfer
in the value_creation link of the dual_channel SUPPLY_CHAIN, reduces ITS
TRANSFORMATION_COST, and promotes the expansion of
KNOWLEDGE_VALUE_INCREMENT.   2021 acm.
```

--

Record-No: 113
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2021, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V12568 LNAI
Title: 23rd INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on principles and practice of
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, prima 2020
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 32 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on principles and practice of multi_agent systems. the topics include:
POLICY adaptive multi_agent deep DETERMINISTIC_POLICY_GRADIENT;
multi_agent PLANNING with high_level HUMAN guidance;
PREFERENCE_ELICITATION in assumption_based ARGUMENTATION;
DECLARATIVE_PREFERENCES in REACTIVE_BDI_AGENTS; predicting the priority
of SOCIAL_SITUATIONS for PERSONAL_ASSISTANT_AGENTS; MUTEX_PROPAGATION for
sat_based multi_agent path finding; a smt_based implementation for SAFETY
checking of parameterized multi_agent systems; a goal_based framework for
supporting MEDICAL_ASSISTANCE: the case of CHRONIC_DISEASES;
OPTIMAL_CONTROL of pedestrian flows by CONGESTION_FORECASTS
SATISFYING_USER_EQUILIBRIUM_CONDITIONS; HYBRID DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING for
SIMULTANEOUS_COALITION_STRUCTURE_GENERATION and assignment; automated
NEGOTIATION_MECHANISM and STRATEGY for compensational vehicular
platooning; a COGNITIVE_AGENT_FRAMEWORK in INFORMATION_RETRIEVAL: using
USER_BELIEFS to CUSTOMIZE_RESULTS; DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for
PEDESTRIAN_GUIDANCE; negmas: a platform for AUTOMATED_NEGOTIATIONS;
SIMULATION of UNINTENTIONAL_COLLUSION caused by auto PRICING in
SUPPLY_CHAIN markets; construct an ARTIFICIAL_POPULATION with urban and
RURAL_POPULATION_DIFFERENCES considered: to support long_term care
SYSTEM_EVALUATION by agent_based SIMULATION; multi_agent path finding
with DESTINATION_CHOICE; ABDUCTIVE_DESIGN of bdi agent_based
DIGITAL_TWINS of organizations; beliefs, time and space: a language for
the YOKAI_BOARD_GAME; argumentation_based explanations of
MULTIMORBIDITY_TREATMENT_PLANS; a socio_psychological approach to
SIMULATE_TRUST and REPUTATION in MODAL_CHOICES; the persistence of
FALSE_MEMORY: brain in a vat despite PERFECT_CLOCKS; box_office
PREDICTION based on ESSENTIAL_FEATURES extracted from agent_based
MODELING; SHORT_DURATION_AGGREGATE STATISTICAL_MODEL checking for
multi_agent systems.
```

--

Record-No: 172
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2021, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V987
Title: 1st latin american workshop on SERVICE_ORIENTED, holonic and MULTI_AGENT
MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS for INDUSTRY of the future, SOHOMA_LATIN_AMERICA
2021
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 25 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on service_oriented, holonic and multi_agent MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS for
INDUSTRY of the future. the topics include: weighted SUM_METHOD for
multi_objective OPTIMIZATION lp MODEL for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT of
PERISHABLE_PRODUCTS in a DIARY_COMPANY; a mixed_integer linear MODEL for
solving the OPEN_SHOP_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM; on the COMPLEXITY of the
COLLABORATIVE_JOINT_REPLENISHMENT_PROBLEM; HYBRID_MODEL for
decision_making methods in WIRELESS_SENSOR_NETWORKS; optimizing
MAINTENANCE_POLICIES of computed TOMOGRAPHY_SCANNERS with
STOCHASTIC_FAILURES; a multi_agent OPTIMIZATION approach to determine
FARMERS_MARKET_LOCATIONS in BOGOTA_CITY, colombia; a
HYBRID_CONTROL_ARCHITECTURE for an automated storage and
RETRIEVAL_SYSTEM; DIGITAL_TWIN in water SUPPLY systems to INDUSTRY_4.0:
the HOLONIC_PRODUCTION_UNIT; ARTIFICIAL_DATA_GENERATION with
LANGUAGE_MODELS for imbalanced classification in MAINTENANCE;
MACHINE_VISION for COLLABORATIVE_ROBOTICS using synthetic data_driven
LEARNING; a SURVEY on COMPONENTS of AR_INTERFACES to aid packing
OPERATIONS; AIRLINE_WORKFORCE_SCHEDULING based on multi_agent systems; a
NOVEL_ANALYSIS_FRAMEWORK of 4.0 PRODUCTION_PLANNING approaches  part I;
foreword; preface; DEVELOPMENT of a PREDICTIVE_PROCESS MONITORING
METHODOLOGY in a self_organized MANUFACTURING_SYSTEM; a
NOVEL_ANALYSIS_FRAMEWORK of 4.0 PRODUCTION_PLANNING approaches  part ii;
a SURVEY about BIM_INTEROPERABILITY and COLLABORATION between DESIGN and
CONSTRUCTION; implementation of a holonic product_based platform for
increased FLEXIBILITY in PRODUCTION_PLANNING; location_routing for a
uav_based RECOGNITION_SYSTEM in HUMANITARIAN_LOGISTICS: CASE_STUDY of
rapid mapping; a LOCAL_SEARCH_ALGORITHM for the assignment and work
balance of a HEALTH_UNIT.
```

--

Record-No: 168
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Mekki A.B., 2020, PROC INT MULTICONF ORGAN KNOWL ADV TECHNOL OCTA
Title: MODELING an AGENT based COOPERATIVE_DYNAMIC_BEHAVIOR in an
UNCERTAIN_CONTEXT of SME'S sustainable SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
by drawing upon the concept of COMPETITIVENESS and the dynamism of the
ENVIRONMENT, a KNOWLEDGE_BASE_MODEL is developed to DESIGN the behavior
of AUTONOMOUS_ACTORS, having DIFFERENT_OBJECTIVES, within a group of
CLUSTER named small and MEDIUM_ENTERPRISES' (SMES') located in
DIFFERENT_GEOGRAPHICAL_AREA. the actors within these SMES' must
collaborate for the achievement of the CLUSTER'S OBJECTIVE. this later is
influenced by SUSTAINABLE_RESPONSIBILITIES and should be ameliorate over
an ACHIEVABLE_SET of constraints and parameters. in this work, a
mechanism for MONITORING and EVALUATION is needed to assess the SME'S
CLUSTER PERFORMANCE. for that, we DESIGN a MULTIAGENT
COOPERATIVE_DYNAMIC_BEHAVIOR as a dynamic multi_objective OPTIMIZATION
(dmop) problem and resort a modified dynamic multi_objective
EVOLUTIONARY_METHOD (m_dmoe) to choose a COMMON_SOLUTION for all actors,
and then, the CLUSTER'S preferences are operated to determine the most
suitable one (posterior).   2020 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 187
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Nezamoddini N., 2020, PROC IISE ANNU CONF, P1418
Title: ADAPTIVE_CONTROL and OPTIMIZATION of MULTI_AGENT NETWORKS
Abstract:
```
this RESEARCH proposes a NOVEL_TECHNIQUE for DISTRIBUTED_CONTROL and
OPTIMIZATION of the networked systems considering the uncertainties
associated with INTERNAL_COMPLEX_DYNAMICS and EXTERNAL_INTERACTIONS with
the ENVIRONMENT. the proposed TECHNIQUE_APPLIES a distributed multi_agent
framework that minimizes the OVERALL_OBJECTIVE of the SYSTEM_SUBJECT to
the limitations on the shared RESOURCES. in this framework, each
AGENT_TRIES to optimize ITS decisions and improve the LEARNING_STRATEGY
based on ARTIFICIAL_NEURAL_NETWORKS (ann) without having access to the
STATISTICAL_DISTRIBUTIONS of the involved parameters.
COMPREHENSIVE_EXPERIMENTS are implemented to investigate the effects of
the LEARNING_MECHANISM and the level of uncertainties. the EFFICIENCY of
the TECHNIQUE is tested by comparing the proposed TECHNIQUE with the
existing TRADITIONAL_NETWORK_OPTIMIZATION_TECHNIQUES. the proposed
TECHNIQUE can be utilized in a variety of APPLICATIONS such as
MIN_COST_FLOW_PROBLEMS, DISEASE_PROPAGATION_MODELS, and distributed
controls over man_made NETWORKS such as SUPPLY_CHAIN and POWER_GRID.
proceedings of the 2020 iise annual. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 284
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zhang X./1, 2020, MATH PROBL ENG, V2020
Title: the dynamic broker dominant SUPPLY DEMAND matching DECISION using
MULTIAGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
supply_demand matching is critical for the increase of RESPONSE_SPEED,
the improvement of RESOURCE_UTILIZATION, and the building of long_term
partnership. this study will contribute to the present supply_demand
matching studies by (1) summarizing the dynamic broker dominant
supply_demand matching problem (b_sdmp), (2) proposing the dynamic broker
dominant supply_demand matching approach, inclusive of (a) the building
of the distributed CONSTRAINT_SATISFACTION_MODEL based on the
DYNAMIC_NEGOTIATION among AGENTS and (b) the DESIGN of an asynchronous
BACKTRACKING_ALGORITHM according to INTERACTION among AGENTS, and (3) the
DESIGN and DEVELOPMENT of a MULTIAGENT dynamic supply_demand matching
SYSTEM. to verify the validity and usability of the method, the
SYSTEM_TEST and CASE_SIMULATION are conducted. the matching SOLUTIONS
yielded from this b_sdmp analysis can help the buyers find the
APPROPRIATE_SELLERS on one commodity/service under DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENT
and stimulate the building of long_term partnership among the sellers,
buyers, and broker as a stable SUPPLY_CHAIN.   2020 XU_ZHANG et al.
```

--

Record-No: 122
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2020, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V12520 LNAI
Title: 17TH_EUROPEAN_CONFERENCE on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, eumas 2020, and 7th
INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on AGREEMENT_TECHNOLOGIES, at 2020
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 38 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on multi_agent systems. the topics include: predicting the winners of
borda, kemeny and DODGSON_ELECTIONS with supervised MACHINE_LEARNING;
from VIRTUAL_WORLDS to MIRROR_WORLDS: a MODEL and platform for building
agent_based extended realities; DECENTRALISED multi_intersection
congestion CONTROL for connected AUTONOMOUS_VEHICLES; model_checking
INFORMATION_DIFFUSION in SOCIAL_NETWORKS with prism; roads? where were
going we DONT_NEED_ROADS. using agent_based MODELING to analyze the
ECONOMIC_IMPACT of HYPERLOOP_INTRODUCTION on a SUPPLY_CHAIN; sensitivity
to INITIAL_CONDITIONS in agent_based MODELS; statecharts and
AGENT_TECHNOLOGY: the past and future; a GAME of DOUBLE_AGENTS: repeated
STACKELBERG_GAMES with ROLE_SWITCH; LEARNING summarised messaging through
mediated differentiable inter_agent LEARNING; integrating DEEP_LEARNING
and non_monotonic LOGICAL_REASONING for EXPLAINABLE_VISUAL_QUESTION
answering; MULTIAGENT_TASK_COORDINATION as TASK_ALLOCATION plus
TASK_RESPONSIBILITY; anytime and EFFICIENT_COALITION_FORMATION with
spatial and TEMPORAL_CONSTRAINTS; CONGESTION_MANAGEMENT for
mobility_on_demand schemes that use ELECTRIC_VEHICLES;
DISASTER_RESPONSE_SIMULATION as a testbed for multi_agent systems;
rewarding miners: BANKRUPTCY_SITUATIONS and pooling strategies; a
game_theoretical analysis of charging strategies for competing
DOUBLE_AUCTION_MARKETPLACES; AGENTS for preserving PRIVACY: LEARNING and
DECISION_MAKING collaboratively; OPEN_SOCIAL_SYSTEMS; preface; towards a
THEORY of intentions for human_robot COLLABORATION; a FAITHFUL_MECHANISM
for privacy_sensitive distributed CONSTRAINT_SATISFACTION_PROBLEMS;
incentivising exploration and recommendations for CONTEXTUAL_BANDITS with
payments; EMOTIONAL_AGENTS make a (bank) run; an interface for
programming VERIFIABLE_AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS in ros; combining levy walks and
flocking for COOPERATIVE_SURVEILLANCE using AERIAL_SWARMS.
```

--

Record-No: 297
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Fernandez A., 2019, IFIP ADVANCES IN INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION
TECHNOLOGY, V568, P487
Title: COLLABORATIVE, distributed SIMULATIONS of agri food SUPPLY_CHAINS.
analysis on how linking THEORY and practice by using MULTI_AGENT
structures
Abstract:
```
SIMULATIONS help to understand and predict the behaviour of
COMPLEX_PHENOMENAS, likewise distributed socio_technical systems or how
STAKEHOLDERS_INTERACTS in COMPLEX_DOMAINS. SUCH_DOMAINS are normally
based on networked based INTERACTION, where information, product and
DECISION flows comes in to play, especially under the well_known
SUPPLY_CHAINS structures. although TOOLS exist to simulate SUPPLY_CHAINS,
they do not adequately support MULTIPLE_STAKEHOLDERS to collaboratively
create and explore a variety of decision_making scenarios. hence, in
order to provide a PRELIMINARY_UNDERSTANDING on how these
INTERACTION_AFFECTS_STAKEHOLDERS decision_making, this RESEARCH presents
an study, analysis and PROPOSAL_DEVELOPMENT of ROBUST_PLATFORM to
collaboratively build and SIMULATE_COMMUNICATION among SUPPLY_CHAIN.
since realistic SUPPLY_CHAIN behaviours are complex, a multi_agent
approach was selected in order to represent SUCH_COMPLEXITIES in a
standardised manner. the platform provides AGENT_BEHAVIOURS for
COMMON_AGENT_PATTERNS. it provides extension hotspots to implement more
SPECIFIC_AGENT_BEHAVIOUR for EXPERT_USERS (that requires programming).
therefore, as KEY_CONTRIBUTION, TECHNICAL_ASPECTS of the platform are
presented, and also the role of multi_level SUPPLY_CHAIN_SCENARIO
SIMULATION is discussed and analysed, especially under de context of
digital SUPPLY_CHAIN transformation in the agri_food context. finally, we
discuss lessons learned from EARLY_TESTS with the
REFERENCE_IMPLEMENTATION of the platform.  ifip INTERNATIONAL_FEDERATION
for INFORMATION_PROCESSING 2019.
```

--

Record-No: 244
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Kessentini M., 2019, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V11775 LNAI, P842
Title: AGENT based approach for INVENTORY pre  and post disruption
DECISION_SUPPORT
Abstract:
```
due to ITS GLOBAL_NATURE and highly dynamic and COMPETITIVE_ENVIRONMENT,
SUPPLY_CHAIN arguably is more exposed to DISRUPTIONS. as SUPPLY_CHAINS
continue to grow in scale and COMPLEXITY, INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT in a
DYNAMIC_BUSINESS_ENVIRONMENT is a CHALLENGING_TASK. the aim of this paper
is to propose a multi_agent approach to quantify the impact of
INVENTORY_DISRUPTIONS. our OBJECTIVE is to analyze the capacities of
SUPPLY_CHAINS to cope with DISRUPTIONS before and after stockouts by
including (proactive) MITIGATION_STRATEGIES and REACTIVE_STRATEGIES. the
proposed SYSTEM allows providing advice to HUMAN_USERS in the form of
DECISION_SUPPORT. a PROTOTYPE_SYSTEM is built and validated, which
demonstrates the feasibility of the proposed approach. the EXPERIMENTS
show that the implementation of multi_agent TECHNOLOGY makes the SYSTEM
much more flexible to make the FINAL_DECISION.
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2019.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 298
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Obonyo E.A., 2019, EGICE INT WORKSHOP INTELL COMPUT ENG
Title: the MULTI_AGENT_PARADIGM and ORGANIZATIONAL_ABSTRACTIONS in
CONSTRUCTION_E_BUSINESS
Abstract:
```
the AGENT_PARADIGM has been used by several researchers to build several
COMPLEX_CONSTRUCTION_INDUSTRY SPECIFIC_SYSTEMS ranging from e_business
APPLICATIONS, cross_disciplinary COMMUNICATION to supply_chain MANAGEMENT
to CONTRACT_ADMINISTRATION. because of the SLOW_PROGRESS in the maturity
of the DEPLOYMENT_INFRASTRUCTURE, the implemented agent_based
APPLICATIONS are generally based on MODELS for closed systems. given that
RECENT_DEVELOPMENTS in agent_oriented SOFTWARE_ENGINEERING allow the
definition of MODELS that exploit the use of ORGANIZATIONAL_ABSTRACTIONS,
there is need to redefine classical agent_systems using the
ORGANIZATIONAL_METAPHOR. this PAPER_FOCUSES on CONSTRUCTION e_business as
a DEPLOYMENT_CONTEXT. it starts with BACKGROUND_INFORMATION in the domain
and proceeds to describe classical agent_centered MODELS that were used
to develop apron, a CONSTRUCTION e_business prototype. the paper then
discusses the MAIN_DRAWBACKS of the agent_centered approach and
demonstrates how the ORGANIZATIONAL_METAPHOR can be used to address these
limitations providing an EXEMPLARY_PROCUREMENT_SCENARIO.  2018 esprit.
all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 215
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zu Q., 2019, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V11354 LNCS, P156
Title: RESEARCH on MULTI_AGENT distributed SUPPLY_CHAIN
INFORMATION_COLLABORATION based on CLOUD_ENVIRONMENT
Abstract:
```
the COORDINATION and COOPERATION of SUPPLY_CHAIN can not only maximize
the benefits of the whole SUPPLY_CHAIN, but also monitor the
PRODUCTION_MANAGEMENT_STATUS of members in REAL_TIME. it can find and
solve problems timely and effectively, so as to maintain
STABLE_DEVELOPMENT of the SUPPLY_CHAIN. in order to realize the
COORDINATION of the SUPPLY_CHAIN, the first KEY_PROBLEM to be solved is
the INFORMATION_SYNERGY between the ENTERPRISES in the SUPPLY_CHAIN. only
by achieving INFORMATION_SYNERGY and ensuring the transmission of
information in the SUPPLY_CHAIN timely and effectually, the members can
make a better and faster DECISION in the CURRENT_NETWORK_ERA. the
INFORMATION_COLLABORATION of SUPPLY_CHAIN was studied in depth, and the
common distributed SUPPLY_CHAIN was chosen as the object.  2019,
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 220
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2019, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1047
Title: 17th INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS and
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, paams 2019
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 66 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS and multi_agent systems. the
topics include: towards self_managing systems through DECENTRALISED
CONSTRAINT_OPTIMISATION; INTELLIGENT_OPTIMIZATION and MACHINE_LEARNING
for 5G_NETWORK_CONTROL and MANAGEMENT; a multi_agent SYSTEM for
recommending FIRE_EVACUATION_ROUTES in buildings, based on context and
IOT; the SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK_INTEGRATION; using AGENT_BASE_SIMULATION to
MODEL_OPERATIONS in semi_automated WAREHOUSE; a
STARTUP_ASSESSMENT_APPROACH based on multi_agent and
BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGIES; COMPARATIVE_ANALYSIS of BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGIES
under a COORDINATION_PERSPECTIVE; multi_agent MODELLING of fairness for
users and miners in BLOCKCHAINS; integrating multi_agent SIMULATIONS into
ENTERPRISE_APPLICATION_LANDSCAPES; preface; IMPLEMENTATION_TECHNIQUES to
parallelize agent_based GRAPH_ANALYSIS; contesting the truth _
intentional forking in bft_pos BLOCKCHAINS;
CROSS_CHAIN_BRIBERY_CONTRACTS: MAJORITY_VS MIGHTY_MINORITY;
decentralizing DECISION_MAKING_PROCESS of
SIMULTANEOUS_BILATERAL_NEGOTIATIONS of LARGE_MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS in
e_commerce APPLICATIONS using HOLONIC_STRUCTURES; COLLECTIVE_BEHAVIOR of
LARGE_TEAMS of multi_agent systems; ASYMMETRIC_INFORMATION and LEARNING
by imitation in agent_based FINANCIAL_MARKETS; a PRELIMINARY_ONTOLOGY for
human_agent collectives; hydro_wind balance in DAILY_ELECTRICITY_MARKETS:
a case_study; COLLABORATIVE_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING of
ENERGY_CONTRACTS_NEGOTIATION_STRATEGIES; POTENTIAL_IMPACT of
LOAD_CURTAILMENT on the day_ahead iberian MARKET: a PRELIMINARY_ANALYSIS;
DATA_PROTECTION on FINTECH_PLATFORMS; SIMULATION_MODELING of milk_run
internal LOGISTICS_SYSTEM  CASE_STUDY; a two_phase context_aware approach
to EMERGENCY_EVACUATION in SMART_BUILDINGS; ROBUST_DETECTION of outdoor
urban advertising panels in STATIC_IMAGES; simfleet: a
NEW_TRANSPORT_FLEET_SIMULATOR based on MAS.
```

--

Record-No: 265
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2019, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V803
Title: INTERNATIONAL_WORKSHOP_SERVICE_ORIENTATION in holonic and MULTI_AGENT
MANUFACTURING, sohoma18
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 35 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on holonic and multi_agent MANUFACTURING. the topics include: toward
an ANTHROPOCENTRIC_APPROACH for HYBRID_CONTROL_ARCHITECTURES: case of a
FURNITURE_FACTORY; toward a SUSTAINABLE_NEW_PRODUCT_DEVELOPMENT_APPROACH
based on INDUSTRY_4.0 assets; an EXPERIMENTAL_STUDY on the INTEGRATION of
embedded devices into private MANUFACTURING CLOUD_INFRASTRUCTURES; a
MODEL_DRIVEN approach for automated generation of service_oriented
HOLONIC_MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS; COOPERATION between SMART_MANUFACTURING
SCHEDULING_SYSTEMS and ENERGY_PROVIDERS: a multi_agent perspective; on
migrating from PRESENT_IDENTITY_MANAGEMENT_SERVICES to eidas; ab_sd
HYBRID MODELLING approach: a framework for evaluating
INDUSTRIAL_SUSTAINABILITY_SCENARIOS; implementing
INDUSTRIAL_CONTROL_AUTOMATION for HOLONIC_MANUFACTURING_SYSTEMS based on
the PRODUCTION_UNIT_ARCHITECTURE; the e_bom to m_bom transformation for
building MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS; SCIENTIFIC_DISCUSSION: OPEN_REVIEWS of arti
reference ARCHITECTURE  prosa revisited; DYNAMIC_POSTPONEMENT in
off_site/on_site CONSTRUCTION OPERATIONS in the face of on_site
DISRUPTIONS; servitization in TRAIN_TRANSPORTATION: drivers, challenges
and impacts on the SUPPLY_CHAIN of the european rolling stock
MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY; specifying a condition_based
MAINTENANCE_DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM of a fleet of cyber_physical systems;
TABU_SEARCH_ROBUSTNESS for cross_dock and pi_hub SCHEDULING under
POSSIBLE_INTERNAL_TRANSPORTATION_BREAKDOWNS; SUSTAINABLE_DESIGN for a
bi_level transportation_location_vehicle routing SCHEDULING_PROBLEM in a
PERISHABLE_PRODUCT SUPPLY_CHAIN; an EVALUATION of erlang for implementing
STANDBY_REDUNDANCY in a MANUFACTURING STATION_CONTROLLER; using
ANALYTIC_HIERARCHICAL_PROCESS for SCHEDULING_PROBLEMS based on SMART_LOTS
and their QUALITY_PREDICTION_CAPABILITY; issues in reverse SUPPLY_CHAINS
LOGISTICS; ARCHITECTURE for PRODUCTION_INTERNET.
```

--

Record-No: 247
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Aksyonov K., 2018, PROC EUR CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI EECS, P33
Title: DEVELOPMENT of MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH and 'bpsim.DSS' PLANNING SYSTEM of
OIL_PRODUCTS SUPPLY for GAS_STATIONS_NETWORK
Abstract:
```
this work is devoted to the analysis, PLANNING and MODELING of
LOGISTICS_PROCESSES and SUPPLY_CHAINS. SUPPLY_CHAINS can include
MANUFACTURING_PROCESSES and the SUPPLY, MANUFACTURE, MARKETING of
products, LOGISTIC_PROCESSES of supplying RESOURCES. one of the ways to
solve PLANNING problems is to use DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEMS (DSS) based on
EFFECTIVE_NUMERICAL_METHODS, SIMULATION and multi_agent MODELS. proposed
a new PLANNING_METHOD for PETROLEUM_PRODUCTS supplying the
GAS_STATION_NETWORK as a result of the INTEGRATION of the
TRANSPORTATION_TASK, a multi_agent MODEL of the
RESOURCE_CONVERSION_PROCESS.  2018 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 201
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Souheila B., 2018, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V2379, P42
Title: a SERVICE_CLASSIFICATION and SELECTION_FRAMEWORK for
EFFICIENT_PROVIDER_DISCOVERY in a CLOUD_BASED SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
due to the extremely HIGH_VOLUME of WEB_SERVICES available on the web, it
is currently very difficult to improve the selection of the best
services. discovering GOOD_SERVICES is a very IMPORTANT_STEP for building
a dynamic SUPPLY_CHAIN. in this paper, we propose a framework that
combines AGENT and WEB_SERVICES_TECHNOLOGIES. our proposed framework lies
firstly on the classification and SELECTION_MECHANISM that permits to
select the best services which can satisfy the CUSTOMERS_GOALS and reduce
the RESPONSE_TIME_COST. the MAIN_IDEA is to use concepts as multi_agent
systems and WEB_SERVICES to perform the DIFFERENT_ACTIVITIES of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM. the ESSENTIAL_PART of the framework is
the UDDI_CLOUD_LEVEL and the AGENT_LEVEL. the UDDI_CLOUD_LEVEL allows
WEB_SERVICES, which represent ENTERPRISES_BUSINESS_FUNCTIONALITIES, to be
classified, discovered, invoked, and composed by AGENTS that are applied
for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT CONSTRUCTION and PARTNERS_INTERACTION.  2019
ceur_ws. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 292
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Yu F./1, 2018, PROC CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC, P1928
Title: an INCENTIVE_MECHANISM for the NEGOTIATION of green SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
this RESEARCH_FOCUSES on the NEGOTIATION of the green
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK (gscn).both COMMERCE attributes and
ENVIRONMENTAL_ATTRIBUTES are taken into account. an INCENTIVE_MECHANISM
is proposed for the NEGOTIATION of AGENTS in gscn to URGE_AGENTS into
improving their strategies initiatively in order to reduce the harm to
the ENVIRONMENT during PRODUCTION and CONSUMPTION_PROCESSES. it was
verified that the proposed MODEL was feasible to solve the
COMPLEX_NEGOTIATION_PROBLEMS, and had a GOOD_PERFORMANCE. it can
effectively increase the GREEN_FACTORS of AGENTS in the gscn when the
AGENTS have LOW_INITIAL_GREEN_FACTORS. moreover, it was verified that the
proposed MODEL can effectively reduce CARBON_DIOXIDE_EMISSIONS. the
proposed MODEL can be seen as a 'win_win' solution from both the
perspective of business and ENVIRONMENTAL_PROTECTION. it can maximize the
TOTAL_PROFIT of the gscn, and reduce the harm to the ENVIRONMENT.  2018
ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 243
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2018, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V887
Title: 16th INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS,
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, paams 2018
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 88 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS. the topics include: optimizing
OPPONENTS_SELECTION in BILATERAL_CONTRACTS_NEGOTIATION with
PARTICLE_SWARM; REPUTATION_COMPUTATIONAL_MODEL to
SUPPORT_ELECTRICITY_MARKET_PLAYERS_ENERGY_CONTRACTS_NEGOTIATION;
SCRIPT_LANGUAGE to DESCRIBE_AGENTS_BEHAVIORS; multi_agent
SYSTEMS_APPROACH to INDUSTRY_4.0: enabling COLLABORATION considering a
BLOCKCHAIN for KNOWLEDGE_REPRESENTATION; AGENTS in LOGISTICS and
SUPPLY_CHAIN; AUTOMATIC_VERIFICATION of DESIGN_RULES in pcb
MANUFACTURING; abiba: an agent_based computing SYSTEM for
BEHAVIOUR_ANALYSIS used in human_agent INTERACTION; using CROWDSOURCING
for the DEVELOPMENT of ONLINE_EMOTIONAL_SUPPORT_AGENTS; on influencers
and their impact on the diffusion of DIGITAL_PLATFORMS; SCHEDULING of
home HEALTH_CARE_SERVICES based on multi_agent systems;
HOUSEHOLD_OCCUPANCY_DETECTION based on ELECTRIC_ENERGY_CONSUMPTION;
INFORMATION_FUSION and MACHINE_LEARNING in SPATIAL_PREDICTION for
LOCAL_AGRICULTURAL_MARKETS; smec_3d: a multi_agent 3d GAME to
COGNITIVE_STIMULATION; how MACHINE_LEARNING could DETECT_ANOMALIES on
thinger.io platform?; aide_vr: extending a virtual living LAB_FRAMEWORK
using VIRTUAL_REALITY; MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM_APPLICATION for ELECTRICAL_LOAD
shedding MANAGEMENT: experiment in SENEGAL_POWER_GRID; a fuzzy_based
multi_agent MODEL to CONTROL the micro_grid OPERATION based on
ENERGY_MARKET_DYNAMICS; coalitions of end_use CUSTOMERS in
RETAIL_ELECTRICITY_MARKETS: a real_world CASE_STUDY involving five
schools for children; distributed multi_agent based ENERGY_MANAGEMENT of
smart micro_grids: AUTONOMOUS_PARTICIPATION of AGENTS in POWER_IMBALANCE
handling; DESIGN of an agent_based LEARNING_ENVIRONMENT for high_risk
doorstep scam victims; SIGNIFICANT_EDUCATIONAL_CONTENT based
LEARNING_MODEL using PUBLIC_ONTOLOGIES and MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS.
```

--

Record-No: 275
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2018, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V10978 LNAI
Title: 16th INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS,
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, paams 2018
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 88 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS. the topics include: optimizing
OPPONENTS_SELECTION in BILATERAL_CONTRACTS_NEGOTIATION with
PARTICLE_SWARM; REPUTATION_COMPUTATIONAL_MODEL to
SUPPORT_ELECTRICITY_MARKET_PLAYERS_ENERGY_CONTRACTS_NEGOTIATION;
SCRIPT_LANGUAGE to DESCRIBE_AGENTS_BEHAVIORS; multi_agent
SYSTEMS_APPROACH to INDUSTRY_4.0: enabling COLLABORATION considering a
BLOCKCHAIN for KNOWLEDGE_REPRESENTATION; AGENTS in LOGISTICS and
SUPPLY_CHAIN; AUTOMATIC_VERIFICATION of DESIGN_RULES in pcb
MANUFACTURING; abiba: an agent_based computing SYSTEM for
BEHAVIOUR_ANALYSIS used in human_agent INTERACTION; using CROWDSOURCING
for the DEVELOPMENT of ONLINE_EMOTIONAL_SUPPORT_AGENTS; on influencers
and their impact on the diffusion of DIGITAL_PLATFORMS; SCHEDULING of
home HEALTH_CARE_SERVICES based on multi_agent systems;
HOUSEHOLD_OCCUPANCY_DETECTION based on ELECTRIC_ENERGY_CONSUMPTION;
INFORMATION_FUSION and MACHINE_LEARNING in SPATIAL_PREDICTION for
LOCAL_AGRICULTURAL_MARKETS; smec_3d: a multi_agent 3d GAME to
COGNITIVE_STIMULATION; how MACHINE_LEARNING could DETECT_ANOMALIES on
thinger.io platform?; aide_vr: extending a virtual living LAB_FRAMEWORK
using VIRTUAL_REALITY; MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM_APPLICATION for ELECTRICAL_LOAD
shedding MANAGEMENT: experiment in SENEGAL_POWER_GRID; a fuzzy_based
multi_agent MODEL to CONTROL the micro_grid OPERATION based on
ENERGY_MARKET_DYNAMICS; coalitions of end_use CUSTOMERS in
RETAIL_ELECTRICITY_MARKETS: a real_world CASE_STUDY involving five
schools for children; distributed multi_agent based ENERGY_MANAGEMENT of
smart micro_grids: AUTONOMOUS_PARTICIPATION of AGENTS in POWER_IMBALANCE
handling; DESIGN of an agent_based LEARNING_ENVIRONMENT for high_risk
doorstep scam victims; SIGNIFICANT_EDUCATIONAL_CONTENT based
LEARNING_MODEL using PUBLIC_ONTOLOGIES and MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS.
```

--

Record-No: 372
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Bukowski L.A., 2017, RISK RELIAB SAF INNOV THEORY PRACT PROCEED EUR SAF
RELIAB CONF, P358
Title: LOGISTIC_SYSTEM_RESILIENCE_MODELLINGA dynamic, MULTIAGENT,
SERVICE_ENGINEERING oriented approach
Abstract:
```
the OBJECTIVE of this paper is to come up with a concept of
DYNAMIC_RESILIENCE MODELLING for the COMPLEX_LOGISTIC_SYSTEMS, and
especially the global SUPPLY_NETWORKS. the CORE_IDEA of the
OVERALL_CONCEPT is based on the experiences gained in the area of the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_RISK_MANAGEMENT (waters, 2007), the SERVICE_ENGINEERING
(salvendy & karwowski, 2010), the RISK_ENGINEERING (aven, baraldi, flage
& zio, 2014) as well as that in the field of the RESILIENCE_ENGINEERING
(hollnagel, woods & leveson., 2006). based on the assumptions of samsons
unified servicetheory (sampson, 2010), we propose a GENERAL_MODEL of a
COMPLEX_LOGISTICS_SYSTEM, consisting of two parts representing both the
inward and the OUTWARD_LOGISTICS. in the first part of the MODEL there
are mapped UPSTREAM_OPERATIONS, related to SUPPLY of the
FOCUS_ORGANIZATION in RAW_MATERIALS, necessary to carry out the
PRODUCTION. the second part of the MODEL includes downstream OPERATIONS
and also processes corresponding to the DISTRIBUTION of products to the
first_tier and second_tier CUSTOMERS.  2017 taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP,
london.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 333
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Algassem F., 2016, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, VPartF4, P29
Title: reducing the DELIVERY_TIME in FOOD_DISTRIBUTION_SMES using a
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
the SERVICE_INDUSTRY_WORLDWIDE has been facing unprecedented challenges
in terms of delivering products at LOW_COST and with
FAST_DELIVERY_SPEEDS. these pressures have had an even greater impact
upon SMES. the use of multi_agent systems (MAS) is increasingly being
considered as a PRACTICAL_METHOD of handling the mounting COMPLEXITY
within the supply_chain SYSTEM which are a result of competing
priorities, MULTIPLE_OPTIONS, and issues connected with decision_making
in REAL_TIME. SUCH_SYSTEMS offer a REAL_OPPORTUNITY to improve
LEAD_TIMES, reduce OPERATIONAL_COSTS and therefore
ENHANCE_BUSINESS_COMPETITIVENESS. this STUDY_AIMS to investigate the
implementation of MAS within the SUPPLY_CHAIN using the
EMPIRICAL_CASE_STUDY of a FOOD_DISTRIBUTION_SME in SAUDI_ARABIA. the
CASE_STUDY indicates that this COMBINATION_APPROACH can offer
CONSIDERABLE_PERFORMANCE_IMPROVEMENT in SMES.  2016, springer
international publishing switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 312
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Greulich C., 2016, LECT NOTES LOGIST, P239
Title: an AGENT based approach to multi criteria PROCESS OPTIMIZATION in in
house LOGISTICS
Abstract:
```
one of the CRUCIAL_ENABLERS of the fourth INDUSTRIAL_REVOLUTION is the
implementation of AUTONOMY in SUPPLY_CHAINS. increased AUTONOMY in
LOGISTICS adds FLEXIBILITY and ROBUSTNESS to SUPPLY_CHAINS. however,
DECENTRALIZED LOCAL_DECISION_MAKING also creates new challenges since
OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEMS now have to be solved in a DECENTRALIZED manner.
this RESEARCH_PROJECT proposes to apply AGENT_TECHNOLOGY to solve
OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEMS in a distributed way in order to maintain
EFFICIENCY while benifitting from the advantages of DECENTRALIZATION.
springer international publishing switzerland 2016.
```

--

Record-No: 342
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2016, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V616, P1
Title: INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS and
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, paams 2016
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 37 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on agents_based SOLUTIONS for MANUFACTURING, SUPPLY_CHAIN, MAS for
COMPLEX_NETWORKS and SOCIAL_COMPUTATION. the topics include: results of a
PILOT_STUDY with a ROBOT_INSTRUCTOR for group exercise at a
SENIOR_LIVING_COMMUNITY; MULTI_AGENT_APPLICATION for CHRONIC_PATIENTS;
MONITORING and detection of REMOTE_ANOMALOUS_SITUATIONS; improving the
DISTRIBUTION of services in MAS; a multi_level and multi_agent approach
to MODELING and solving SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS; SUPPLY_CHAIN LOGISTICS
platform as a SUPPLY_CHAIN_COORDINATION_SUPPORT; a multi_agent framework
for COST_ESTIMATION of PRODUCT_DESIGN; an approach to represent
MATERIAL_HANDLERS as AGENTS in discrete_event SIMULATION_MODELS; overview
of CASE_STUDIES on ADAPTING_MABS_MODELS to gpu programming;
HOLONIC_MULTIAGENT_SIMULATION of COMPLEX_ADAPTIVE_SYSTEMS; MULTIAGENT
SOCIAL_INFLUENCE_DETECTION based on FACIAL_EMOTION_RECOGNITION;
self_regulation of SOCIAL_EXCHANGE_PROCESSES; an immune multi_agent based
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM for the CONTROL of PUBLIC_TRANSPORTATION_SYSTEMS;
argumentation_based reasoning with preferences;
CONJOINT_MEASUREMENT_THEORY and score_based BARGAINING_SOLUTIONS;
tracking USERS_MOBILITY at PUBLIC_TRANSPORTATION; ENERGY_PLANNING
decision_making under UNCERTAINTY based on the
EVIDENTIAL_REASONING_APPROACH; ORIENTATION_SYSTEM based on
SPECULATIVE_COMPUTATION and trajectory MINING; the effect of
DECISION_SATISFACTION_PREDICTION in argumentation_based NEGOTIATION;
EXPERIMENTS with MULTIPLE_BDI_AGENTS with DYNAMIC_LEARNING_CAPABILITIES;
measuring HETEROGENEOUS_USER_BEHAVIORS during the INTERACTION with
DIALOG_SYSTEMS and belief_based ARGUMENTATION in INTELLIGENCE_ANALYSIS
and DECISION_MAKING.
```

--

Record-No: 397
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2016, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V9872 LNAI, P1
Title: 14th GERMAN_CONFERENCE on MULTIAGENT_SYSTEM_TECHNOLOGIES, mates 2016
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 17 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on MAS MODELING, engineering, COORDINATION, COORDINATION and emerging
APPLICATIONS of MAS. the topics include: COMMONSENSE_REASONING meets
theorem proving; personality and AGENTS; formalising state and effects;
an ontology_driven approach for MODELING a multi_agent_based
ELECTRICITY_MARKET; DESIGN and use of a SEMANTIC_SIMILARITY_MEASURE for
INTEROPERABILITY among AGENTS; DYNAMIC_METRICS for multi_agent systems
using aspect_oriented programming; application to DIMA_PLATFORM; a
DECENTRALIZED COORDINATION_FRAMEWORK for various multi_agent systems;
SPATIOTEMPORAL_PATTERN matching in robocup; joint human_agent activities;
an agent_based SYSTEM for PLANNING and CONTROL in semiconductor
SUPPLY_CHAINS; FLEXIBLE_COLLABORATION between humans, ROBOTS and
VIRTUAL_AGENTS; analysing the cost_efficiency of the multi_agent FLOOD
ALGORITHM in search and RESCUE_SCENARIOS; using MODELS at runtime to
adapt self_managed AGENTS for the IOT; multi_actor ARCHITECTURE for
SCHEDULE_OPTIMISATION based on LAGRANGIAN_RELAXATION; asp_driven
bdi_planning AGENTS in VIRTUAL_3D_ENVIRONMENTS; analysis of the effects
of STORAGE_CAPABILITIES_INTEGRATION on balancing MECHANISMS in
agent_based SMART_GRIDS and a holonic multi_agent CONTROL_SYSTEM for
NETWORKS of micro_grids.
```

--

Record-No: 308
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2015, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V524, P1
Title: INTERNATIONAL_WORKSHOPS on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS,
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS, and SUSTAINABILITY, paams 2015
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 36 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference
is on PRACTICAL_APPLICATIONS of AGENTS, multi_agent systems, and
SUSTAINABILITY. the topics include: an ambient assisted living
MOBILE_APPLICATION for helping people with alzheimer; an agent_based
MODEL for the role of SOCIAL_SUPPORT in MOOD_REGULATION; human_agent
dialogues on HEALTH_TOPICS _ an EVALUATION_STUDY; a
HOLONIC_MULTIAGENT_MODEL based on a combined GENETIC_ALGORITHM _
TABU_SEARCH for the FLEXIBLE_JOB_SHOP_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM; HEURISTICS for
non_dominated sets of two_agent SCHEDULING on a single parallel_batching
machine; selected ACTIVITY_COORDINATION_MECHANISMS in COMPLEX_SYSTEMS; a
multi_agent HYBRID_APPROACH to DECISION_SUPPORT in JOB_GROUPS handling;
SIMULATION of SUPPLY_CHAIN with disturbances using flexsim _ CASE_STUDY;
a multi_agent SYSTEM for selecting portfolio of
NEW_PRODUCT_DEVELOPMENT_PROJECTS; DES/abs approach to
SIMULATE_WAREHOUSE_OPERATIONS; a MULTIAGENT, spatial_explicit and
high_performance framework to study COMPLEX_ECOLOGICAL_NETWORKS; on the
joint MODELING of the behavior of SOCIAL_INSECTS and their INTERACTION
with ENVIRONMENT by taking into account PHYSICAL_PHENOMENA like
ANISOTROPIC_DIFFUSION; COSTS of protecting PRIVACY in
AGENT_TRUST_RELATIONSHIPS; MODELING human_machine INTERACTION by means of
a SAMPLE_SELECTION_METHOD; an agent_based approach for ENERGY_MANAGEMENT
in smart_grids; FORMING coalitions of ELECTRIC_VEHICLES in constrained
scenarios; dynamic e_learning CONTENT_SELECTION with BDI_AGENTS and
multi_plataform interface to an ITS of PROPOSICIONAL_LOGIC_TEACHING.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

DECISION_MAKING; INTELLIGENT_AGENTS; ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE;
DECISION_SUPPORT_SYSTEM; INFORMATION_SYSTEM; CYBER_PHYSICAL_SYSTEMS;
PLANNING; INTERNET_OF_THINGS; MACHINE_LEARNING; EMBEDDED_SYSTEMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 458
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Li H./1, 2014, ICAART PROC INT CONF AGENTS ARTIF INTELL, V2, P209
Title: CONFLICT_RESOLUTION of PRODUCTION MARKETING COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING based
on MULTI_AGENT SELF_ADAPTATION_NEGOTIATION
Abstract:
```
in order to overcome the lack of ADAPTABILITY and LEARNING_ABILITY of
TRADITIONAL_NEGOTIATION, we regard SUPPLY_CHAIN production_marketing
COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING_NEGOTIATION as the RESEARCH_OBJECT, DESIGN one
five_elements NEGOTIATION_MODEL, adopt a NEGOTIATION_STRATEGY based on
q_reinforcement LEARNING, and optimize the NEGOTIATION_STRATEGY by the
RBF_NEURAL_NETWORK and predict the information of opponent for adjusting
the CONCESSION_EXTENT. at last, we give a sample that verifies the
NEGOTIATION_STRATEGY can enhance the ability of the NEGOTIATION_AGENTS,
reduce the NEGOTIATION_TIMES, and improve the EFFICIENCY of resolving the
CONFLICTS of production_marketing COLLABORATIVE_PLANNING, comparing to
the un_optimized q_reinforcement LEARNING. copyright  2014 scitepress.
```

--

Record-No: 424
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zoubeidi M., 2014, PROC INT WORKSHOP ADV INF SYST ENTERP IWAISE, P45
Title: toward an ARCHITECTURE for the SEMANTIC_INTEGRATION in
ENTERPRISE_RESOURCE_PLANNING
Abstract:
```
today the ERP became the cornerstone of COMPANIES' INFORMATION_SYSTEMS.
this tool allows consistent and COHERENT_MANAGEMENT of
ENTERPRISE_INFORMATION_SYSTEM (is). our aim is to make the ERP
interoperable with other PERIPHERAL_APPLICATION_SOLUTIONS_OFFERING more
fluidity for information and with other MARKET_SOLUTIONS in
PARTICULAR_CRM (CUSTOMER_RELATIONSHIP_MANAGEMENT) and SCM
(SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT). the INTERDEPENDENCE_INCREASES and causes
STRONG_INTEGRATION_NEEDS by providing SHARING and exchange of real and
EFFECTIVE_INFORMATION at the SEMANTIC_LEVEL in an open and
DYNAMIC_ENVIRONMENT. the work we propose aims the SEMANTICS_INTEGRATION
in ERP through the TECHNIQUE proposed by multi_agent systems, and the use
of NEW_TECHNOLOGIES to solve most of the SEMANTIC_CONFLICTS.  2014 ieee.
```


