You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 160
Citations: 187
Record-ID: Li Q.-K., 2020, IEEE TRANS SYST MAN CYBERN SYST, V50, P4905
Title: HCONSENSUS for MULTIAGENT based SUPPLY_CHAIN systems under
SWITCHING_TOPOLOGY and UNCERTAIN_DEMANDS
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN systems are NETWORK_SYSTEMS with several SUBCHAINS each of
which consists of facilities and DISTRIBUTION_ENTITIES (SUPPLIERS,
MANUFACTURERS, DISTRIBUTORS, and RETAILERS), and thus SUCH_SYSTEMS can be
viewed as MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS. CONSENSUS or COORDINATION of
MULTIPLE_SUBCHAINS is crucial for a STABLE_MARKET SUPPLY, especially in
the case of some SUBCHAINS suffering from PRODUCTION_INTERRUPTION, or
losing connection with others, which become isolated SUBCHAINS in some
TIME_PERIOD due to IRRESISTIBLE_REASONS. once some unspecified isolated
SUBCHAINS appear, the TOPOLOGY_STRUCTURE of the SYSTEM will be changed,
and thus the multiagent_based SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM can be modeled as a
switched SYSTEM. this PAPER_AIMS to investigate the problem of ${h_\infty
}$ CONSENSUS for multiagent_based SUPPLY_CHAIN systems under
SWITCHING_TOPOLOGY and UNCERTAIN_DEMANDS. to achieve the CONSENSUS of the
SYSTEM, switching controller is designed in which both PRODUCTION_RATE
and distributed CONSENSUS_PROTOCOL are considered. SUFFICIENT_CONDITIONS
are given such that the WHOLE_SYSTEM reaches CONSENSUS and
DESIRABLE_ATTENUATION of BULLWHIP_EFFECT with an
AVERAGE_DWELL_TIME_APPROACH, which allows some SUBCHAINS to be isolated
in some TIME_PERIODS. finally, a SIMULATION_EXAMPLE is presented to
illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.   2013 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 123
Citations: 89
Record-ID: Zhang K., 2020, TRANSP RES PART C EMERG TECHNOL, V121
Title: multi VEHICLE_ROUTING problems with SOFT_TIME_WINDOWS: a
MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING approach
Abstract:
```
multi_vehicle ROUTING_PROBLEM with SOFT_TIME_WINDOWS (mvrpstw) is an
INDISPENSABLE_CONSTITUENT in URBAN_LOGISTICS_DISTRIBUTION_SYSTEMS. over
the PAST_DECADE, NUMEROUS_METHODS for mvrpstw have been proposed, but
most are based on HEURISTIC_RULES that require a LARGE_AMOUNT of
COMPUTATION_TIME. with the CURRENT_RAPID_INCREASE of LOGISTICS_DEMANDS,
TRADITIONAL_METHODS_INCUR the dilemma between COMPUTATIONAL_EFFICIENCY
and SOLUTION_QUALITY. to efficiently solve the problem, we propose a
NOVEL_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_ALGORITHM called the multi_agent attention
MODEL that can solve ROUTING_PROBLEM instantly BENEFIT from
LENGTHY_OFFLINE_TRAINING. specifically, the VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM is
regarded as a VEHICLE_TOUR_GENERATION_PROCESS, and an encoder_decoder
framework with ATTENTION_LAYERS is proposed to GENERATE_TOURS of
MULTIPLE_VEHICLES iteratively. furthermore, a multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_METHOD with an unsupervised AUXILIARY_NETWORK is
developed for the MODEL_TRAINING. by evaluated on four SYNTHETIC_NETWORKS
with DIFFERENT_SCALES, the results demonstrate that the proposed method
consistently outperforms google or_tools and TRADITIONAL_METHODS with
little COMPUTATION_TIME. in addition, we validate the ROBUSTNESS of the
well_trained MODEL by varying the number of CUSTOMERS and the capacities
of VEHICLES.  2020 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 251
Citations: 62
Record-ID: Firdausiyah N., 2019, TRANSP RES PART E LOGIST TRANSP REV, V125, P74
Title: MODELING CITY_LOGISTICS using ADAPTIVE_DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING based
MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
the effects of CITY_LOGISTICS_SOLUTIONS are uncertain due to fluctuating
DEMAND, parking issues and MULTIPLE_AGENTS within the SYSTEM. this
RESEARCH modelled the behavior of FREIGHT_CARRIERS and an
URBAN_CONSOLIDATION_CENTER (ucc) operator using multi_agent
simulation_adaptive DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING based REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
(mas_adp based rl) to evaluate a JOINT_DELIVERY_SYSTEMS in an
UNCERTAIN_ENVIRONMENT. the mas_adp based rl is superior to mas_q_learning
in replicating the POTENTIAL_ACTIONS of the AGENTS under
UNCERTAIN_ENVIRONMENT by adapting to the CHANGING_ENVIRONMENT properly
into ACCURATE_DECISIONS thus increasing the ACCURACY of AGENT'S
DECISION_MAKING and eventually reducing ENVIRONMENTAL_EMISSIONS as well.
2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 336
Citations: 27
Record-ID: Yu C., 2015, INT J PROD RES, V53, P6059
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_ARCHITECTURE for multi product SUPPLIER_SELECTION in
consideration of the SYNERGY_BETWEEN_PRODUCTS
Abstract:
```
SUPPLIER_SELECTION is an IMPORTANT_TASK in PURCHASING. the PERFORMANCE of
a SUPPLY_CHAIN depends on the selection of the RIGHT_SUPPLIERS to provide
the RIGHT_MATERIALS or services at the RIGHT_PRICE and RIGHT_TIME. most
of the RESEARCH on SUPPLIER_EVALUATION and SELECTION_ASSUMES that
products are procured independently. however, in reality, it is common
for a PURCHASING company to procure a bundle of products together. in
this regard, synergy could exist between products and hence affect the
FINAL_CHOICE of SUPPLIERS. it is therefore necessary for the PURCHASING
company to incorporate the SYNERGY_BETWEEN_PRODUCTS in
SUPPLIER_SELECTION. this paper presents a multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS)
ARCHITECTURE for multi_product SUPPLIER_SELECTION in consideration of the
SYNERGY_BETWEEN_PRODUCTS. a three_phase SUPPLIER_SELECTION MODEL is
proposed to support multi_product PROCUREMENT in consideration of the
SYNERGY_BETWEEN_PRODUCTS. the three phases are, namely,
PRODUCT_SYNERGY_DETERMINATION_PHASE, supplier pre_selection phase and
negotiation_based FINAL_SELECTION_PHASE. the MAS is equipped with
VARIOUS_TYPES of AUTONOMOUS_FUNCTION_AGENTS and
DIFFERENT_AGENT_INTERACTION_PROTOCOLS to effect the functioning of this
three_phase multi_product SUPPLIER_SELECTION MODEL.  2015 taylor &
francis.
```

--

Record-No: 114
Citations: 25
Record-ID: Viet N.Q., 2020, INT J PROD RES, V58, P1302
Title: DATA_DRIVEN PROCESS_REDESIGN: ANTICIPATORY_SHIPPING in AGRO_FOOD
SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
ANTICIPATORY_SHIPPING_USES HISTORICAL_ORDER and CUSTOMER_DATA to predict
FUTURE_ORDERS and accordingly SHIP_PRODUCTS to the nearest
DISTRIBUTION_CENTRES before CUSTOMERS actually place the orders. it is a
method to meet the increasing CUSTOMER_REQUIREMENTS on DELIVERY_SERVICE
and simultaneously to reduce OPERATIONAL_COSTS. this paper presents a
case of ANTICIPATORY_SHIPPING in the context of agro_food SUPPLY_CHAINS.
the challenge in these CHAINS is the PRODUCT_PERISHABILITY that leads to
PRODUCT_OBSOLESCENCE in the case of un_balanced SUPPLY_AND_DEMAND. this
STUDY_INTRODUCES a data_driven approach that
INTEGRATES_PRODUCT_QUALITY_CHARACTERISTICS in DATA_ANALYTICS to identify
SUITABLE_PRODUCTS for ANTICIPATORY_SHIPPING at the STRATEGIC_LEVEL. it
also proposes PROCESS_REDESIGNS concerning PRODUCTION and TRANSPORTATION
at the OPERATIONAL_LEVEL to REALISE_ANTICIPATORY_SHIPPING. finally, using
HISTORICAL_DATA from a DUTCH_FLORICULTURE_SUPPLIER as input for a
multi_agent SIMULATION, the proposed approach and PROCESS_REDESIGNS are
verified. the SIMULATION_OUTPUT_SHOWS that ANTICIPATORY_SHIPPING could
increase DELIVERY_SERVICE_LEVEL up to 35.3% and reduce associated COSTS
up to 9.3%.  2019,  2019 the author(s). published by INFORMA_UK limited,
trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 32
Citations: 19
Record-ID: Ren L., 2022, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, V23, P16410
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING method with ROUTE_RECORDERS for
VEHICLE_ROUTING in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
in the modern SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM, large_scale TRANSPORTATION_TASKS
require the COLLABORATIVE_WORK of MULTIPLE_VEHICLES to be completed on
time. over the past few decades, multi_vehicle ROUTE_PLANNING was mainly
implemented by HEURISTIC_ALGORITHMS. however, these ALGORITHMS face the
dilemma of LONG_COMPUTATION_TIME. in RECENT_YEARS, some machine
learning_based methods are also proposed for VEHICLE_ROUTE_PLANNING, but
the existing ALGORITHMS can hardly solve multi_vehicle time_sensitive
problems. to overcome this problem, we propose a novel multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_MODEL, which optimizes the ROUTE_LENGTH and the
vehicle'S arrival time simultaneously. the MODEL is based on the
encoder_decoder framework. the ENCODER_MINES the relationship between the
CUSTOMER_NODES in the problem, and the DECODER_GENERATES the route of
each vehicle iteratively. specially, we DESIGN MULTIPLE_ROUTE_RECORDERS
to extract the ROUTE_HISTORY_INFORMATION of VEHICLES and realize the
COMMUNICATION between them. in the inferring phase, the MODEL could
immediately GENERATE_ROUTES for all VEHICLES in a NEW_INSTANCE. to
further improve the PERFORMANCE of the MODEL, we devise a multi_sampling
STRATEGY and obtain the BALANCE_BOUNDARY between COMPUTATION_TIME and
PERFORMANCE_IMPROVEMENT. in addition, we propose a simulation_based
VEHICLE_CONFIGURATION_METHOD to select the OPTIMAL_NUMBER of VEHICLES in
REAL_APPLICATIONS. for validation, we conduct a series of EXPERIMENTS on
problems with DIFFERENT_CUSTOMER_AMOUNTS and VARIOUS_VEHICLE_NUMBERS. the
results show that the proposed MODEL_OUTPERFORMS other TYPICAL_ALGORITHMS
in both PERFORMANCE and CALCULATION_TIME.   2000_2011 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 112
Citations: 18
Record-ID: Wang H./1, 2022, INT J PROD RES, V60, P4117
Title: DYNAMIC_INVENTORY_REPLENISHMENT_STRATEGY for AEROSPACE MANUFACTURING
SUPPLY_CHAIN: combining REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING and MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
the (I, r, s) POLICY is a well_known INVENTORY_REPLENISHMENT STRATEGY,
where INVENTORY is raised to an order_up_to_level s at the end of each
REVIEW_INTERVAL_I, if it falls below a reorder_point r. determining the
OPTIMAL_VALUES for these parameters by MATHEMATICAL_ANALYSIS_METHODS are
difficult, especially in sectors with complex and uncertain PURCHASING,
MANUFACTURING and delivering processes. the (I, r, s) POLICY has been
shown to result in low SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE (scp) composed of
SALES_REVENUE, tardiness fine, MANUFACTURING COST, INVENTORY holding
COST, RAW_MATERIAL_COST, etc. in industries that involve
highly_customised orders, such as AEROSPACE_INDUSTRY. in this paper, we
develop a multi_agent SIMULATION_MODEL combined with a REINFORCEMENT
learning_based DYNAMIC_INVENTORY_REPLENISHMENT_STRATEGY to maximise the
scp. the approach has been applied in an AEROSPACE MANUFACTURING
CASE_STUDY. it empirically demonstrates that the DYNAMIC_STRATEGY_YIELDS
CONSIDERABLE_IMPROVEMENTS, and has an ADDITIONAL_BENEFIT of adaptivity to
changes, such as DEMAND and SUPPLY uncertainties.  2022 INFORMA_UK
limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 465
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Dai H., 2014, INT J PROD RES, V52, P6819
Title: a FRACTAL_PERSPECTIVE based METHODOLOGICAL_FRAMEWORK for SUPPLY_CHAIN
MODELLING and DISTRIBUTED_SIMULATION with MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
with the DEVELOPMENT of GLOBAL_ECONOMY, SUPPLY_CHAIN, as a recognised
COMPLEX_SYSTEM, is becoming more complex for analysis. in this context,
it is worth introducing the perspective of COMPLEX_SYSTEM in perceiving
and MODELLING of SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM to address ITS dynamic, stochastic
and UNCERTAIN_CHARACTERISTICS. therefore, this paper proposes a
METHODOLOGICAL_FRAMEWORK of SUPPLY_CHAIN MODELLING_AND_SIMULATION based
on the FRACTAL_PERSPECTIVE, and presents an all_round and
SYSTEMATIC_EXPOSITION of concept MODELLING and DISTRIBUTED_SIMULATION by
means of multi_agent TECHNOLOGY. in this framework, different
SUPPLY_CHAIN scenarios focusing on MANUFACTURING, INVENTORY and
TRANSPORTATION can be easily modelled and simulated at DIFFERENT_SCALES
and levels. in addition, a PROTOTYPE_SYSTEM which implements the
METHODOLOGICAL_FRAMEWORK and the KEY_IMPLEMENTATION_TECHNIQUES are
presented as well. finally, a SUPPLY_CHAIN_EXAMPLE, which
SUPPOSES_MANUFACTURER as the CORE_MEMBER, is modelled and simulated with
the PROTOTYPE_SYSTEM to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed
framework.  2014 taylor and francis.
```

--

Record-No: 12
Citations: 13
Record-ID: Meisheri H., 2022, NEURAL COMPUT APPL, V34, P1735
Title: scalable multi product INVENTORY_CONTROL with LEAD_TIME_CONSTRAINTS using
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
determining OPTIMUM_INVENTORY_REPLENISHMENT_DECISIONS are critical for
RETAIL_BUSINESSES with UNCERTAIN_DEMAND. the problem becomes particularly
challenging when MULTIPLE_PRODUCTS with DIFFERENT_LEAD_TIMES and
cross_product constraints are considered. this PAPER_ADDRESSES the
aforementioned challenges in multi_product, multi_period
INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT using DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (DEEP_RL). the
proposed APPROACH_IMPROVES upon existing methods for INVENTORY_CONTROL on
three fronts: (1) CONCURRENT_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT of a LARGE_NUMBER
(hundreds) of products under REALISTIC_CONSTRAINTS, (2) minimal
retraining requirements on the RL_AGENT under SYSTEM_CHANGES through the
definition of an individual product meta_model, (3) efficient handling of
multi_period constraints that stem from DIFFERENT_LEAD_TIMES of
DIFFERENT_PRODUCTS. we approach the INVENTORY_PROBLEM as a SPECIAL_CLASS
of DYNAMICAL_SYSTEM_CONTROL, and explain why the GENERIC_PROBLEM cannot
be satisfactorily solved using CLASSICAL_OPTIMISATION_TECHNIQUES.
subsequently, we formulate the problem in a GENERAL_FRAMEWORK that can be
used for parallelised decision_making using off_the_shelf rl ALGORITHMS.
we also benchmark the formulation against the THEORETICAL_OPTIMUM
achieved by LINEAR_PROGRAMMING under the assumptions that the demands are
deterministic and known apriori. EXPERIMENTS on scales between 100 and
220 products show that the proposed rl_based approaches perform better
than the BASELINE_HEURISTICS, and quite close to the THEORETICAL_OPTIMUM.
furthermore, they are also able to transfer LEARNING without retraining
to INVENTORY_CONTROL_PROBLEMS involving DIFFERENT_NUMBER of products.
2021, the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENCE to springer_verlag london
ltd., part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 341
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Chatterjee R., 2016, PROC CONF LOCAL COMPUT NETW LCN, P205
Title: optimizing last MILE_DELIVERY using PUBLIC_TRANSPORT with MULTI_AGENT
based CONTROL
Abstract:
```
the majority of RESEARCH_WORK carried out in the field of
OPERATIONS_RESEARCH have relied on OPTIMIZATION_ALGORITHMS to improve the
pick_up and DELIVERY_PROBLEM. most STUDIES_AIM to solve the
VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM, to ACCOMMODATE_OPTIMUM_DELIVERY_ORDERS,
VEHICLES_ETC. this PAPER_FOCUSES on developing a SYSTEM_MODEL, which uses
existing PUBLIC_TRANSPORT_FACILITY of a CITY for the TRANSPORTATION of
small and medium sized packaged goods, to avoid further aggravating the
situation of URBAN_CONGESTION and also help reduce
GREEN_HOUSE_GAS_EMISSIONS. the RESEARCH carried out investigates the
feasibility of the proposed multi_agent based SIMULATION_MODEL, for
EFFICIENCY of COST, time and ENERGY_CONSUMPTION. the
DIJKSTRA_SHORTEST_PATH_ALGORITHM and nested MONTE_CARLO_SEARCH have been
implemented to build a time based COST_MATRIX which is used to generate a
TOUR_PLAN for INTERMODAL_DELIVERY of goods. the quality of the tour is
dependent on the EFFICIENCY of the SEARCH_ALGORITHM implemented for
PLAN_GENERATION and ROUTE_PLANNING. the results reveal a
DEFINITE_ADVANTAGE of using PUBLIC_TRANSPORTATION over existing
DELIVERY_APPROACHES in terms of ENERGY_EFFICIENCY.  2016 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 100
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Winkler J.K., 2022, EUR TRANSP RES REV, V14
Title: FUEL_CELL_DRIVE for URBAN_FREIGHT_TRANSPORT in comparison to diesel and
battery electric drives: a CASE_STUDY of the food RETAILING INDUSTRY in
berlin
Abstract:
```
the option of decarbonizing URBAN_FREIGHT_TRANSPORT using battery
ELECTRIC_VEHICLE (bev) seems promising. however, there is currently a
STRONG_DEBATE whether FUEL_CELL ELECTRIC_VEHICLE (fcev) might be the
better solution. the question arises as to how a fleet of FCEV_INFLUENCES
the operating COST, the GREENHOUSE_GAS (ghg) emissions and
PRIMARY_ENERGY_DEMAND in comparison to bevs and to
INTERNAL_COMBUSTION_ENGINE_VEHICLE (icev). to investigate this, we
simulate the URBAN_FOOD RETAILING as a REPRESENTATIVE_SHARE of
URBAN_FREIGHT_TRANSPORT using a multi_agent TRANSPORT SIMULATION
software. SYNTHETIC_ROUTES as well as FLEET_SIZE and composition are
determined by solving a VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM. we compute the operating
COSTS using a TOTAL_COST of OWNERSHIP_ANALYSIS and the
USE_PHASE_EMISSIONS as well as PRIMARY_ENERGY_DEMAND using the well to
WHEEL_APPROACH. while a change to BEV_RESULTS in 1723% higher COSTS
compared to icev, using fcevs leads to 2257% higher COSTS. assuming
TODAYS_ELECTRICITY_MIX, we show a GHG_EMISSION_REDUCTION of 25% compared
to the ICEV_BASE_CASE when using bev. CURRENT_HYDROGEN_PRODUCTION leads
to a GHG_REDUCTION of 33% when using fcev which however cannot be scaled
to larger fleets. using CURRENT_ELECTRICITY in ELECTROLYSIS will increase
GHG_EMISSION by 60% compared to the BASE_CASE. assuming 100%
RENEWABLE_ELECTRICITY for charging and HYDROGEN_PRODUCTION, the reduction
from FCEVS_RISES to 73% and from bev to 92%. the
PRIMARY_ENERGY_REQUIREMENT for bev is in all cases lower and for higher
compared to the BASE_CASE. we conclude that while fcev have a slightly
higher GHG_SAVINGS_POTENTIAL with CURRENT_HYDROGEN, bev are the favored
TECHNOLOGY for URBAN_FREIGHT_TRANSPORT from an economic and
ECOLOGICAL_POINT of view, considering the increasing shares of
RENEWABLE_ENERGIES in the GRID_MIX.  2022, the author(s).
```

--

Record-No: 268
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Yang S., 2019, PROC ACM SIGSPATIAL INT WORKSHOP GEOSPATIAL SIMUL GEOSIM,
P24
Title: firm level behavior CONTROL after LARGE_SCALE urban FLOODING using
MULTI_AGENT DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
with NATURAL_DISASTERS have become LARGE_SCALE, diversified, and
frequent, the INDIRECT_ECONOMIC_DAMAGE due to interruption of
SUPPLY_CHAIN tends to be large. therefore, it is important to recover as
quickly as possible for COMPANIES after DISASTERS. in this paper, we use
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING to optimize a COMPANYS_ACTION_STRATEGY so that it
can efficiently recover the inter_firm transaction network in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN after large_scale urban FLOODING. the AGENT holds
information on disaster and SUPPLY_CHAINS obtained from inter_firm
TRANSACTION_DATA and FLOOD_SIMULATION_ANALYSIS_DATA, enabling us to
create a SIMULATION with detailed URBAN_INFRASTRUCTURE_INFORMATION by
using the high_dimensional data to construct detailed SPATIAL_STATES. the
paper also proposes an ACTION_POLICY for COMPANIES based on multi_agent
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING to optimize the behavior of COMPANIES in the
RECOVERY_PROCESS. this WORK_BRIDGES the divide between high_dimensional
data set input and post_disaster behaviors, enabling an ARTIFICIAL_AGENT
to learn the best action to take after a disaster. our results are as
follows. through LEARNING, AGENTS can recover efficiently after a
disaster. COMPANIES tend to secure ALTERNATIVE_BUSINESS_PARTNERS first
and then perform RECOVERY_WORK and BUSINESS_EXPANSION.  2019 association
for computing MACHINERY.
```

--

Record-No: 480
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Sitek P., 2014, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V430, P121
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH to the MULTI_ECHELON capacitated
VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
the paper presents a concept and application of a multi_agent approach to
MODELING and OPTIMIZATION the multi_echelon capacitated
VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM. two environments (MATHEMATICAL_PROGRAMMING (mp)
and CONSTRAINT_LOGIC programming (clp)) and two types of AGENTS were
integrated. the strengths of mp and clp, in which constraints are treated
in a DIFFERENT_WAY and DIFFERENT_METHODS are implemented, were combined
to use the strengths of both. the proposed approach is particularly
important for the DECISION_MODELS with an OBJECTIVE_FUNCTION and many
DISCRETE_DECISION_VARIABLES added up in MULTIPLE_CONSTRAINTS. the
two_echelon capacitated VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM (2e_cvrp) is an extension
of the classical capacitated VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM (cvrp) where the
delivery depot_customers pass through INTERMEDIATE_DEPOTS (called
SATELLITES). multi_echelon DISTRIBUTION systems are quite common in
supply_chain and LOGISTIC_SYSTEMS. the presented multi_agent approach
will be compared with CLASSICAL_MATHEMATICAL programming on the same
DATA_SETS.  springer international publishing switzerland 2014.
```

--

Record-No: 46
Citations: 9
Record-ID: Xiang L., 2022, ENG CONSTR ARCHIT MANAGE, V29, P3288
Title: APPLICATIONS of MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS from the perspective of
CONSTRUCTION_MANAGEMENT: a LITERATURE_REVIEW
Abstract:
```
purpose: the APPLICATIONS of multi_agent systems (MASS) are considered to
be among the most PROMISING_PARADIGMS for detailed investigations and
reliable problem_solving methods, and MAS_APPLICATIONS make it possible
for researchers and practitioners to better understand COMPLEX_SYSTEMS.
although a number of prior studies have been conducted to address
COMPLEX_ISSUES that arise from CONSTRUCTION_PROJECTS, few studies have
summarised the APPLICATIONS and discussed the capacity of MASS from the
perspective of CONSTRUCTION_MANAGEMENT. to fill the gap, this paper
provides a COMPREHENSIVE_LITERATURE_REVIEW of MAS_APPLICATIONS from the
perspective of CONSTRUCTION_MANAGEMENT. DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/approach: web
of science and scopus are the most commonly used INTERNATIONAL_DATABASES
in conducting the LITERATURE_REVIEWS. a total of 86 RELEVANT_PAPERS
published in sci_expanded, ssci and EI_COMPENDEX_JOURNALS related to the
application of MASS from the perspective of CONSTRUCTION_MANAGEMENT are
selected to be analysed and discussed in this paper. findings: based on
the 86 collected publications, the utilisations of MASS to support the
MANAGEMENT of the SUPPLY_CHAIN and the improvement of PROJECT_PERFORMANCE
are identified from the perspective of CONSTRUCTION_MANAGEMENT, the
characteristics and barriers of CURRENT_MAS_APPLICATIONS are analysed, a
framework for developing agent_based MODELS to address COMPLEX_PROBLEMS
is proposed, and FUTURE_RESEARCH_DIRECTIONS of MAS_APPLICATIONS are
discussed. originality/value: this REVIEW can serve as a USEFUL_REFERENCE
for scholars to enhance their understanding of the CURRENT_RESEARCH and
guide FUTURE_RESEARCH on MASS. the proposed framework can help build
agent_based MODELS to address COMPLEX_PROBLEMS in
CONSTRUCTION_MANAGEMENT.  2021, emerald publishing limited.
```

--

Record-No: 208
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Firdausiyah N., 2020, TRANSP RES PROCEDIA, V46, P125
Title: MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION ADAPTIVE_DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING based
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for evaluating JOINT_DELIVERY_SYSTEMS in relation
to the DIFFERENT_LOCATIONS of URBAN_CONSOLIDATION_CENTRES
Abstract:
```
this RESEARCH applied multi_agent simulation_adaptive DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING
based REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (mas_adp based rl) to evaluate
JOINT_DELIVERY_SYSTEMS (jds) in relation to DIFFERENT_LOCATIONS of
URBAN_CONSOLIDATION_CENTRES in yokohama, JAPAN. the mas_adp based rl is
capable of replicating the POTENTIAL_ACTIONS of modeled AGENTS in an
UNCERTAIN_ENVIRONMENT accurately. the application of mas_adp based rl in
this RESEARCH_SHOWS that the LOCATION of UCC_INFLUENCES the behavior of
FREIGHT_CARRIERS and the UCC_OPERATOR in the jds. therefore, it is
essential to conduct a FEASIBILITY_STUDY of UCC_LOCATION to SUPPORT_JDS
using mas_adp based rl to get better EVALUATION_OUTCOMES.  2020 the
authors. published by elsevier b.v.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 62
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Wang W.-L., 2022, KONGZHI YU JUECE CONTROL DECIS, V37, P2101
Title: DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for MULTI_DEPOT_VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
Abstract:
```
the multi_depot VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM (mdvrp) is widely used in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN at present. most of the existing ALGORITHMS use
HEURISTIC_METHODS, which are slow to solve the problem and cannot
guarantee the quality of the solution. it is of
GREAT_ACADEMIC_SIGNIFICANCE and APPLICATION_VALUE to study a fast and
high_quality ALGORITHM to solve the problem. with the goal of minimizing
the TOTAL_VEHICLE routing distance, a multi_agent
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING MODEL is proposed. firstly, the form of
multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for the multi_depot
VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM is defined, including state, action, reward, and
TRANSITION_FUNCTION, so that the MODEL can be trained by multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING. through the definition of NODE_NEIGHBOR and the
masking mechanism of the mdvrp, a POLICY_NETWORK composed of multi_agent
NETWORKS based on the ATTENTION_MECHANISM is designed. and the
POLICY_GRADIENT_ALGORITHM is used to train the MODEL. then, the 2_opt
LOCAL_SEARCH STRATEGY and the sampling SEARCH_STRATEGY are used to
improve the solution. finally through the comparison of the
SIMULATION_EXPERIMENTS of DIFFERENT_SCALE_PROBLEMS with other ALGORITHMS,
it is verified that the proposed multi_agent DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
MODEL and ITS combination with the SEARCH_STRATEGY can obtain
high_quality SOLUTIONS within a SHORT_PERIOD.  2022 northeast university.
all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 131
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Clark T., 2020, ACM INT CONF PROC SER
Title: LANGUAGE_SUPPORT for MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
SOFTWARE_ENGINEERING must increasingly address the issues of COMPLEXITY
and UNCERTAINTY that arise when systems are to be deployed into a
DYNAMIC_SOFTWARE_ECOSYSTEM. there is also interest in using DIGITAL_TWINS
of systems in order to DESIGN, adapt and CONTROL them when faced with
SUCH_ISSUES. the use of multi_agent systems in combination with
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING is an approach that will allow software to
intelligently adapt to respond to changes in the ENVIRONMENT. this paper
proposes a language extension that encapsulates learning_based AGENTS and
SYSTEM_BUILDING_OPERATIONS and shows how it is implemented in esl. the
paper includes examples the key features and describes the application of
agent_based LEARNING implemented in esl applied to a real_world
SUPPLY_CHAIN.  2020 association for computing MACHINERY.
```

--

Record-No: 241
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Otaki K., 2019, PROC INT CONF TOOLS ARTIF INTELL ICTAI, V2019-November,
P93
Title: MULTI_AGENT PATH_PLANNING with HETEROGENEOUS_COOPERATION
Abstract:
```
COOPERATION among DIFFERENT_VEHICLES is a PROMISING_CONCEPT for MOBILITY
as a service (maas). a PRINCIPAL_PROBLEM in maas is optimizing the
VEHICLE_ROUTES to reduce the TOTAL_TRAVEL_COST with COOPERATION. for
example, we know that platooning among LARGE_TRUCKS could reduce the
FUEL_COST because it decreases the AIR_RESISTANCE. TRADITIONAL_PLATOONS,
however, cannot MODEL_COOPERATION among DIFFERENT_TYPES of VEHICLES
because the MODEL_ASSUMES the homogeneity of VEHICLE_TYPES. we then
propose a MODEL that permits HETEROGENEOUS_COOPERATION. targets of our
MODEL include a LOGISTIC_SCENARIO, where a truck for the long_distance
delivery also carries small self_driving VEHICLES for the last
MILE_DELIVERY. for those purposes, we formalize a
NEW_ROUTE_OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEM with HETEROGENEOUS_COOPERATION, and
provide ITS INTEGER_PROGRAMMING (ip) formulation as an EXACT_SOLVER. we
evaluate our formulation through NUMERICAL_EXPERIMENTS using synthetic
and REAL_GRAPHS. we also validate our concept of
HETEROGENEOUS_COOPERATION for maas with examples.  2019 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 138
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Dusadeerungsikul P.O., 2022, INT J PROD RES, V60, P6072
Title: MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM OPTIMISATION in factories of the future:
CYBER_COLLABORATIVE_WAREHOUSE_STUDY
Abstract:
```
the RAPID_ADVANCEMENT of technologies leading to AUTOMATION 5.0 has
challenged MANUFACTURERS preparing for factories of the future, including
WAREHOUSES, which are considered a KEY_ELEMENT in SUPPLY_CHAINS. because
of technologies such as WAREHOUSE_ROBOTS, INTERNET_OF_THINGS, INTERNET of
services, and cyber_augmented COLLABORATION, the
TRADITIONAL_WAREHOUSE_SYSTEM_STRUCTURE has been changed, improving ITS
performances significantly. the challenges, however, are how to DESIGN a
SYSTEM with multi_agents and technologies to reach MAXIMUM_POTENTIAL. in
this study, a NEW_COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOW_PROTOCOL for
CYBER_COLLABORATIVE_WAREHOUSE, called
COLLABORATION_REQUIREMENT_PLANNING_PROTOCOL for hub_ci (crp_h), is
developed for optimising the COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOW of a WAREHOUSE
multi_agent SYSTEM. the two phases of crp_h are designed to answer
questions: (1) which robot(s) should execute which task? and (2) when
should this task be executed? results show (with
STATISTICAL_SIGNIFICANCE) that under crp_h,
TOTAL_OPERATIONAL_COST_REDUCES by 11.84%, and total weighted
COMPLETION_TIME_REDUCES by 37.11%. when the SYSTEM has unplanned
requests, crp_h can still reduce TOTAL_OPERATIONAL_COST by 5.70% and
total weighted COMPLETION_TIME by 10.11%. lastly, crp_h, which enables a
HUMAN_INPUT integrated into the DESIGN, can also reduce the
TOTAL_OPERATIONAL_COST even when CRITICAL_INFORMATION is missing.  2021
INFORMA_UK limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 52
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Fonseca-Galindo J.C., 2022, EXPERT SYS APPL, V195
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for solving the dynamic capacitated
VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM with STOCHASTIC_CUSTOMERS using TRAJECTORY_DATA
MINING
Abstract:
```
the WORLDWIDE_GROWTH of e_commerce has created new challenges for
LOGISTICS_COMPANIES, such as delivering products quickly and cheaply.
this paper presents a HEURISTIC to solve the last_mile route creation
problem dynamically. the HEURISTIC is based on a multi_agent SYSTEM
integrated with TRAJECTORY_DATA MINING techniques to
EXTRACT_TERRITORIAL_PATTERNS and use them to solve the dynamic
capacitated VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM with STOCHASTIC_CUSTOMERS. our
SOLUTION_APPROACH is focused on a linear_time HEURISTIC that depends only
on the WAREHOUSE_SYSTEM_CONFIGURATIONS and not on the TOTAL_NUMBER of
packages processed, which is suitable for
EXPRESS_DELIVERY_LOGISTICS_COMPANIES that must PROCESS a LARGE_NUMBER of
packages per day. we compare our proposal with BENCHMARK_ALGORITHMS from
the literature; additionally, we evaluate ITS PERFORMANCE and ROBUSTNESS
under DIFFERENT_SCENARIOS. results show that our SOLUTION_APPROACH is
effective for scenarios in which routes must be set dynamically from a
CONTINUOUS_STREAM of packages.  2022
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 129
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Chen Y.-T., 2020, MATHEMATICS, V8
Title: an investigation on a CLOSED_LOOP SUPPLY_CHAIN of PRODUCT_RECYCLING using
a MULTI_AGENT and priority based GENETIC_ALGORITHM_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
PRODUCT_RECYCLING issues have gained increasing attention in many
industries in the last decade due to a variety of reasons driven by
environmental, governmental and ECONOMIC_FACTORS. closed_loop
SUPPLY_CHAIN (clsc) MODELS integrate the forward and REVERSE_FLOW of
products. since the OPTIMIZATION of these CLSC_MODELS is known to be
np_hard, COMPETITION on OPTIMIZATION_QUALITY in terms of SOLUTION_QUALITY
and COMPUTATIONAL_TIME becomes one of the MAIN_FOCUSES in the literature
in this area. a typical six_level closed_loop SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK is
examined in this paper, which has GREAT_COMPLEXITY due to the HIGH_LEVEL
of echelons. the proposed SOLUTION_USES a multi_agent and priority based
approach which is embedded within a two_stage GENETIC_ALGORITHM (GA),
decomposing the problem into (I) PRODUCT_FLOW, (ii) DEMAND_ALLOCATION and
(iii) PRICING bidding PROCESS. to test and demonstrate the
OPTIMIZATION_QUALITY of the proposed ALGORITHM, NUMERICAL_EXPERIMENTS
have been carried out based on the well_known BENCHMARKING network. the
results prove the RELIABILITY and EFFICIENCY of the proposed approach
compared to lingo and the BENCHMARKING ALGORITHM discussed in the
literature.  2020 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 198
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Ghavamipoor H., 2020, BUSIN INFO SYS ENG, V62, P159
Title: a REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING based MODEL for
ADAPTIVE_SERVICE_QUALITY_MANAGEMENT in E_COMMERCE WEBSITES
Abstract:
```
providing high_quality service to all users is a difficult and
INEFFICIENT_STRATEGY for e_commerce providers, especially when
WEB_SERVERS_EXPERIENCE_OVERLOAD_CONDITIONS that cause increased
RESPONSE_TIME and REQUEST_REJECTIONS, leading to USER_FRUSTRATION and
reduced revenue. in an e_commerce SYSTEM, CUSTOMER_WEB_SESSIONS have
differing values for SERVICE_PROVIDERS. these tend to: give preference to
CUSTOMER_WEB_SESSIONS that are likely to bring more profit by providing
better SERVICE_QUALITY. this paper proposes a reinforcement_learning
based adaptive e_commerce SYSTEM_MODEL that adapts the
SERVICE_QUALITY_LEVEL for DIFFERENT_WEB_SESSIONS within the
CUSTOMERS_NAVIGATION in order to MAXIMIZE_TOTAL_PROFIT. the e_commerce
SYSTEM is considered as an electronic SUPPLY_CHAIN which includes a
network of basic e_ providers used to SUPPLY e_commerce services for
END_CUSTOMERS. the LEARNER_AGENT noted as e_commerce SUPPLY_CHAIN MANAGER
(ecscm) AGENT_ALLOCATES a SERVICE_QUALITY_LEVEL to the CUSTOMERS_REQUEST
based on his/her NAVIGATION pattern in the e_commerce website and selects
an optimized combination of SERVICE_PROVIDERS to respond to the
CUSTOMERS_REQUEST. to evaluate the proposed MODEL, a
MULTI_AGENT_FRAMEWORK composed of three AGENT_TYPES, the ECSCM_AGENT,
CUSTOMER_AGENT (buyer/browser) and SERVICE_PROVIDER_AGENT, is employed.
EXPERIMENTAL_RESULTS show that the proposed MODEL_IMPROVES_TOTAL_PROFITS
through COST_REDUCTION and REVENUE_ENHANCEMENT simultaneously and
ENCOURAGES_CUSTOMERS to purchase from the website through
SERVICE_QUALITY_ADAPTATION.  2019, SPRINGER_FACHMEDIEN_WIESBADEN_GMBH,
EIN_TEIL_VON_SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 95
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Sun J.-Y., 2022, COMPUT IND ENG, V168
Title: MULTI_AGENT LEARNING_MECHANISM DESIGN and SIMULATION of MULTI_ECHELON
SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
a SUPPLY_CHAIN multi_agent LEARNING_MECHANISM based on the
PARTICLE_SWARM_OPTIMIZATION_ALGORITHM is designed. the manufacturer'S
profit and the PRODUCT_UTILITY are taken as OBJECTIVE_FUNCTIONS to
explore the influences of SOCIAL_LEARNING_ABILITY and self_learning
ability on the manufacturer'S OPTIMAL_PRICE, optimal advertising
INVESTMENT, OPTIMAL_PROFIT, PRODUCT_UTILITY, and SUPPLY_CHAIN
COMPETITION. this RESEARCH_DEMONSTRATES the influences of
DIFFERENT_LEARNING_ABILITIES on the evolution of the SUPPLY_CHAIN. the
SIMULATION_RESULTS show that the most APPROPRIATE_SOCIAL_LEARNING_ABILITY
can ENHANCE_COMPETITION between MANUFACTURERS and improve
PRODUCT_UTILITY. with the enhancement of self_learning ability,
MANUFACTURERS have a wider range of PRICING, products are more diverse,
and consumers have a wider choice of goods. this STUDY_SHOWS certain
guiding significance for the SCIENTIFIC_MANAGEMENT of the SUPPLY_CHAIN
and the OPTIMIZATION of the COMPETITIVE_STRATEGY of the ENTERPRISES on
the CHAIN.  2022
```

--

Record-No: 453
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Luo J./2, 2014, INT CONF ADV MECHATRONIC SYS ICAMECHS, P526
Title: the study on CONSENSUS_CONTROL of SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM based on
MULTI_AGENT MODEL
Abstract:
```
this note is concerned with the problem of CONSENSUS_CONTROL of
SUPPLY_CHAIN_SYSTEM. a NEW_METHOD based on STOCHASTIC_MODEL is presented
to discuss this problem. the SUFFICIENT_CONDITION is given which can
maintain the SYSTEM_CONSENSUS. at last, the NUMERICAL_EXAMPLE is provided
to show the effectiveness of the proposed method.  2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 39
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Zhang K., 2023, PHYS A STAT MECH APPL, V611
Title: GRAPH_ATTENTION_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING with FLEXIBLE_MATCHING POLICIES
for MULTI_DEPOT VEHICLE_ROUTING problems
Abstract:
```
multi_depot VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM with SOFT_TIME_WINDOWS (md_vrpstw) is
a VALUABLE_PRACTICAL_ISSUE in URBAN_LOGISTICS. however, HEURISTIC_METHODS
may fail to generate high_quality SOLUTIONS for MASSIVE_PROBLEMS
instantly. thus, this paper presents a
NOVEL_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_ALGORITHM integrated with
GRAPH_ATTENTION_NETWORK (gat_rl) to efficiently solve the problem. this
METHOD_UTILIZES the ENCODERDECODER_ARCHITECTURE to produce routes for
VEHICLES starting from DIFFERENT_DEPOTS iteratively. the
ENCODER_ARCHITECTURE employs GRAPH_ATTENTION_NETWORK to mine the
COMPLEX_SPATIALTEMPORAL_CORRELATIONS within TIME_WINDOWS. then, the
decoder ARCHITECTURE designs fixed_order and full_pair matching POLICIES
to GENERATE_SOLUTIONS. after off_line training, EXPERIMENTS show that
this approach consistently outperforms google or_tools with
NEGLIGIBLE_COMPUTATIONAL_TIME. particularly, the ROBUSTNESS of the
pre_trained MODEL is validated under MULTIPLE_SOURCES of variations and
uncertainties, including customer/depot numbers, VEHICLE_CAPACITIES, and
en_route TRAFFIC conditions.  2023 elsevier b.v.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 63
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Esmaeili Avval A., 2022, COMPUT APPL MATH, V41
Title: AUCTION_DESIGN for the allocation of CARBON_EMISSION_ALLOWANCES to
SUPPLY_CHAINS via MULTI_AGENT based MODEL and Q_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
to increase COMPETITION, CONTROL_PRICE, and decrease inefficiency in the
CARBON_ALLOWANCE_AUCTION_MARKET, limitations on bidding price and volume
can be set. with limitations, participants have the same cap bidding
price and volume. while without the limitations, participants have
DIFFERENT_VALUES per unit of CARBON_ALLOWANCE; therefore, some
participants may be strong and the other week. due to the impact of these
limitations on the AUCTION, this PAPER_TRIES to compare the uniform and
DISCRIMINATORY_PRICING in a CARBON_ALLOWANCE_AUCTION with and without the
limitations utilizing a multi_agent_based MODEL consisting of the
government and SUPPLY_CHAINS. the GOVERNMENT_DETERMINES the
SUPPLY_CHAINS' INITIAL_ALLOWANCES. the SUPPLY_CHAINS compete in the
CARBON_AUCTION_MARKET and determine their bidding strategies based on the
q_learning ALGORITHM. then they optimize their tactical and
OPERATIONAL_DECISIONS. they can also trade their CARBON_ALLOWANCES in a
CARBON trading MARKET in which price is free determined according to
CARBON SUPPLY_AND_DEMAND. results show that without the limitations, the
CARBON_PRICE in the uniform PRICING is less than or equal to the
DISCRIMINATORY_PRICING_METHOD. at the same time, there are no differences
between them in the case with limitations. overall, the AUCTION_REDUCES
the profit of the SUPPLY_CHAINS. this NEGATIVE_EFFECT is less in uniform
than DISCRIMINATORY_PRICING in the case without the limitations.
nevertheless, the strong SUPPLY_CHAINS make HUGE_PROFITS from the AUCTION
when MITIGATION_RATE is high.  2022, the author(s) under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENCE to SOCIEDADE_BRASILEIRA de
MATEMATICA_APLICADA_E_COMPUTACIONAL.
```

--

Record-No: 193
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Zhu T., 2022, INT CONF UBIQUITOUS ROBOT UR, P30
Title: FEASIBILITY_STUDY of limms, a MULTI_AGENT modular robotic DELIVERY_SYSTEM
with VARIOUS_LOCOMOTION and MANIPULATION_MODES
Abstract:
```
the LOGISTICS of transporting a package from a STORAGE_FACILITY to the
consumer'S front door usually employs highly specialized ROBOTS often
times splitting sub_tasks up to DIFFERENT_SYSTEMS, e.g., MANIPULATOR_ARMS
to sort and wheeled VEHICLES to deliver. more RECENT_ENDEAVORS_ATTEMPT to
have a unified approach with legged and HUMANOID_ROBOTS. these SOLUTIONS,
however, occupy LARGE_AMOUNTS of space thus reducing the number of
packages that can fit into a DELIVERY_VEHICLE. as a result, these
BULKY_ROBOTIC_SYSTEMS often reduce the potential for SCALABILITY and
TASK_PARALLELIZATION. in this paper, we INTRODUCE_LIMMS (latching
INTELLIGENT_MODULAR_MOBILITY_SYSTEM) to address both the manipulation and
DELIVERY_PORTION of a typical last_mile delivery while maintaining a
MINIMAL_SPATIAL_FOOTPRINT. limms is a symmetrically designed,
6_DEGREE_OF_FREEDOM (dof) appendage_like robot with WHEELS and latching
MECHANISMS at both ends. by latching onto a surface and anchoring at one
end, limms can function as a traditional 6_dof manipulator arm. on the
other hand, MULTIPLE_LIMMS can latch onto a single box and behave like a
legged ROBOTIC_SYSTEM where the package is the body. during transit,
LIMMS_FOLDS up compactly and takes up much less space compared to
TRADITIONAL_ROBOTIC_SYSTEMS. a LARGE_GROUP of LIMMS_UNITS can fit inside
of a single DELIVERY_VEHICLE, opening the potential for
NEW_DELIVERY_OPTIMIZATION and HYBRID_PLANNING_METHODS never done before.
in this paper, the feasibility of limms is studied and presented using a
HARDWARE_PROTOTYPE as well as SIMULATION_RESULTS for a range of sub_tasks
in a typical last_mile delivery.   2022 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 161
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Serna-Urán C.A., 2021, TECH TOOLS AND METHODOL APPL TO QUAL ASSUR IN
MANUF, P229
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for the INVENTORY and routing assignment
Abstract:
```
in the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT_RESEARCH_FIELD, the analysis of
COLLABORATIVE_STRATEGIES and the JOINT_MANAGEMENT of INVENTORY and
TRANSPORT of goods have increased the attention or academics and
practitioners due to the everyday bigger amount of FREIGHT flows, the
COMPLEXITY of the LOGISTICS_SCENARIOS and the CURRENT_CHANGES and
tendencies in the GOODS_INTERCHANGE_PROCESS. however, the
COMPUTATIONAL_COMPLEXITY and the problems that may arise in the
INTEGRATION_PROCESSES of DIFFERENT_PARTICIPANT_ACTORS become the majority
of proposals difficult to implement. in this paper, we develop a
multi_agent SYSTEM for solving the JOINT_INVENTORY and routing
ASSIGNMENT_PROBLEM. the proposed multi_agent SYSTEM facilitates the
INTEGRATION of the DISTRIBUTION_PROCESSES and the INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT in
a SUPPLY_NETWORK with one depot and N_CUSTOMERS. the multi_agent MODEL is
based in the AUTONOMY of the actors to manage their capacity and their
DEMAND, as well as in the INTEGRATION of the TRANSPORT and
INVENTORY_PROCESS using a COLLABORATIVE_STRATEGY. to solve the resulting
VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM, we DESIGN a COLLABORATIVE_BEHAVIOR that uses as
an EVALUATION_TOOL a LOCAL_SEARCH_HEURISTIC with a 2_opt operator. the
MODEL for the INVENTORY and routing assignment is implemented on the
java_based SOFTWARE_PLATFORM_JADE. the collaboration_based PROCESS in the
multi_agent SYSTEM demonstrates the usefulness of the
DISTRIBUTED_COMPUTING to decrease the TOTAL_COST in the
LOGISTICS_OPERATION.  SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG 2021.
```

--

Record-No: 3
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Arishi A., 2023, J MANAG ANAL, V10, P493
Title: a MULTI_AGENT DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING approach for solving the
MULTI_DEPOT_VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
the multi_depot VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM (mdvrp) is one of the most
essential and USEFUL_VARIANTS of the TRADITIONAL_VEHICLE ROUTING_PROBLEM
(vrp) in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) and LOGISTICS_STUDIES. many
SUPPLY_CHAINS (SC) choose the JOINT_DISTRIBUTION of MULTIPLE_DEPOTS to
cut TRANSPORTATION_COSTS and DELIVERY_TIMES. however, the ability to
deliver quality and FAST_SOLUTIONS for mdvrp remains a CHALLENGING_TASK.
TRADITIONAL_OPTIMIZATION_APPROACHES in OPERATION_RESEARCH (or) may not be
practical to solve mdvrp in real_time. with the latest developments in
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE (ai), it becomes feasible to apply
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (drl) for solving combinatorial
ROUTING_PROBLEMS. this paper proposes a new multi_agent
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (madrl) MODEL to solve mdvrp.
EXTENSIVE_EXPERIMENTS are conducted to evaluate the PERFORMANCE of the
proposed approach. results show that the developed MADRL_MODEL can
rapidly capture RELATIVE_INFORMATION embedded in graphs and effectively
produce QUALITY_SOLUTIONS in real_time.  2023 ANTAI_COLLEGE of ECONOMICS
and MANAGEMENT, SHANGHAI_JIAO_TONG_UNIVERSITY.
```

--

Record-No: 169
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Gharaei A., 2022, OPTIM METHOD SOFTWARE, V37, P150
Title: two HEURISTIC_METHODS based on DECOMPOSITION to the integrated
MULTI_AGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN SCHEDULING and DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN INTEGRATION has become one of the most ATTRACTIVE_TOPICS for
researchers in RECENT_YEARS. one of the advantages of this INTEGRATION is
in improving OVERALL_PROFIT in comparison to SEPARATE_DECISIONS. in this
study, an integrated SCHEDULING and DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM is investigated.
one of the contributions of this paper is to study this problem from a
multi_agent viewpoint. in this case, each AGENT has a set of jobs with
ITS OWN_OBJECTIVE and compete with each other to acquire
SUPPLY_CHAIN_RESOURCES. here, a two_agent problem is discussed where the
objectives of the AGENTS are the minimization of the TOTAL_TARDINESS and
the TOTAL_COST of DISTRIBUTION. a MATHEMATICAL_FORMULATION and two
HEURISTICS based on DECOMPOSITION_APPROACHES are presented. in the first
approach, a modified BENDERS_DECOMPOSITION is presented. also, some
VALID_INEQUALITIES are introduced to increase the CONVERGENCE_SPEED of
this ALGORITHM. in the second approach, a DECOMPOSITION and cutting
approach is developed. the results represent the GOOD_PERFORMANCE of both
ALGORITHMS in comparison to other EXACT_METHODS.  2020 INFORMA_UK
limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 170
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Mo J., 2021, WSEAS TRANS BUSI ECON, V18, P636
Title: crowd sourcing DYNAMIC_PICKUP & DELIVERY_PROBLEM considering
TASK_BUFFERING and DRIVERS_REJECTION application of
MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
in the last decade, dynamic and PICKUP_DELIVERY_PROBLEM with crowd
sourcing has been focused on as a means of securing
EMPLOYMENT_OPPORTUNITIES in the field of last MILE_DELIVERY. however,
only a few studies consider both the driver'S refusal right and the
buffering STRATEGY. this PAPER_AIMS at improving the PERFORMANCE
involving both of the above. we propose a driver_task matching ALGORITHM
that complies with the DELIVERY_TIME_CONSTRAINTS using multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING. NUMERICAL_EXPERIMENTS on the MODEL_SHOW that the
proposed MARL_METHOD could be more effective than the fifo and the
RANK_ALLOCATION_METHODS.  2021, world scientific and ENGINEERING_ACADEMY
and society. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 137
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Barat S., 2020, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V12025 LNAI, P26
Title: REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING of SUPPLY_CHAIN CONTROL POLICY using CLOSED_LOOP
MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (rl) has achieved a degree of success in
CONTROL_APPLICATIONS such as ONLINE_GAMEPLAY and AUTONOMOUS_DRIVING, but
has rarely been used to MANAGE_OPERATIONS of business_critical systems
such as SUPPLY_CHAINS. a KEY_ASPECT of using rl in the REAL_WORLD is to
train the AGENT before deployment by computing the effect of ITS
EXPLORATORY_ACTIONS on the ENVIRONMENT. while this effect is easy to
compute for ONLINE_GAMEPLAY (where the RULES of the GAME are well known)
and AUTONOMOUS_DRIVING (where the DYNAMICS of the vehicle are
predictable), it is much more difficult for COMPLEX_SYSTEMS due to
associated complexities, such as UNCERTAINTY, ADAPTABILITY and
EMERGENT_BEHAVIOUR. in this paper, we describe a framework for
EFFECTIVE_INTEGRATION of a REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_CONTROLLER with an
actor_based multi_agent SIMULATION of the SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK including
the WAREHOUSE, TRANSPORTATION_SYSTEM, and stores, with the OBJECTIVE of
maximizing PRODUCT_AVAILABILITY while minimising wastage under
constraints.  2020, SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 79
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Yang S., 2022, J FLOOD RISK MANAGE, V15
Title: MODELLING the behaviour of corporations during the
FLOOD_DAMAGE_RECOVERY_PROCESS using MULTI_AGENT
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
in the event of a FLOOD, affected firms will
EXPERIENCE_PRODUCTION_STOPPAGES, resulting in SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC)
DISRUPTIONS and INDIRECT_ECONOMIC_DAMAGE to firms even outside the
AFFECTED_AREA. to mitigate the ECONOMIC_DAMAGE, it is essential for each
firm in the ENTIRE_SC to acquire a BEHAVIOURAL_STRATEGY in line with ITS
RECOVERY_STATUS. to achieve OPTIMAL_BEHAVIOURAL_STRATEGIES for
INDIVIDUAL_FIRMS in the RECOVERY_PROCESS, we present a LEARNING_FRAMEWORK
using multi_agent SIMULATION and DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING, which
considers dynamically changing factors such as the FLOODING depth of
buildings and roads, SC, labour and CAPITAL. the AGENTS use
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING to make decisions about the dynamically
CHANGING_ENVIRONMENT and establish OPTIMAL_ACTION_STRATEGIES during the
RECOVERY_PROCESS. the MODEL is trained using INUNDATION_SIMULATION_DATA
from the ARAKAWA_RIVER located in tokyo and inter_firm TRANSACTION_DATA
in JAPAN. the results show that the learned MODEL can acquire
BEHAVIOURAL_STRATEGIES in the RECOVERY_PROCESS on a firm_by_firm basis,
and to IDENTIFY_INDUSTRIES and regions with HIGH_ECONOMIC_DAMAGE. the
results of this study can contribute to the DEVELOPMENT of RECOVERY_PLANS
that consider the EARLY_RECOVERY of scs during FLOODS.  2022 the authors.
journal of FLOOD_RISK_MANAGEMENT published by chartered institution of
water and ENVIRONMENTAL_MANAGEMENT and JOHN_WILEY & SONS_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 116
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Nouiri M., 2021, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V952, P435
Title: a MULTI_AGENT MODEL for the multi plant multi product PHYSICAL_INTERNET
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAINS are COMPLEX_SYSTEMS and stochastic in nature. nowadays,
LOGISTICS_ORGANIZATIONS are expected to be efficient, effective, and
responsive while respecting other objectives such as SUSTAINABILITY and
RESILIENCE. in this work, a multi_agent MODEL is proposed for a
multi_plant, multi_product SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK that supports an
OPEN_NETWORK with N_NODES (PLANTS, RETAILERS, etc.). three
REPLENISHMENT_POLICIES are proposed with DIFFERENT_CRITERIA of selection.
a multi_agent SIMULATION_TOOL was used to implement the proposed
multi_agent MODEL. DIFFERENT_SCENARIOS and configurations, varying from
static to dynamic, are defined and tested. the first OBJECTIVE of this
work is to compare the PERFORMANCE of PHYSICAL_INTERNET SUPPLY_CHAIN and
classical SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS using holding and TRANSPORTATION_COSTS as
KEY_PERFORMANCE_INDICATORS. the second goal is to assess the PERFORMANCE
of DIFFERENT_REPLENISHMENT_POLICIES for multi_plant, multi_product
PHYSICAL_INTERNET SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK. EXPERIMENT_RESULTS_VALIDATE the
EFFICIENCY of the MODEL to assess the PERFORMANCE of SUPPLY_CHAIN and to
optimize the REPLENISHMENT_DECISIONS.  2021, the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 207
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Skobelev P.O., 2018, INFUPRAVLIAIUSHCHIE SIST, V2018, P105
Title: adaptive MULTI_AGENT PLANNING of INDUSTRIAL_RESOURCES based on ONTOLOGY
Abstract:
```
introduction: currently, NEW_SOLUTIONS are required in managing
INDUSTRIAL_RESOURCES, in order to maintain a HIGH_LEVEL of ADAPTABILITY
and EFFICIENCY. CLASSICAL_COMBINATORIAL or HEURISTIC_METHODS and TOOLS
cannot provide ADEQUATE_SOLUTIONS for real_time RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT.
purpose: DEVELOPMENT of a method for PLANNING INDUSTRIAL_RESOURCES based
on multi_agent technologies and ONTOLOGY, in order to adapt the SYSTEM to
UNFORESEEN_EVENTS, such as NEW_ORDERS, UNAVAILABLE_RESOURCES, etc.
results: an ADAPTIVE_PLANNING_METHOD has been developed, in which AGENTS
continuously improve the SYSTEM_PERFORMANCE in REAL_TIME by identifying
and resolving CONFLICT_SITUATIONS caused by UNFORESEEN_EVENTS. to adjust
multi_agent PLANNING to SPECIFIC_FEATURES of the PRODUCTION_PROCESS,
SEMANTIC_NETWORKS (ONTOLOGIES) are used, which are the basis of
ONTOLOGICAL_KNOWLEDGE_BASES for storing information about the
peculiarities of a PARTICULAR_ENTERPRISE. in this regard, the following
elements have been developed: the basic PLANNING ONTOLOGY, an
ONTOLOGY_EDITOR for creating a specialized ENTERPRISE_ONTOLOGY, a
KNOWLEDGE_BASE in the form of a SEMANTIC_WIKIPEDIA for the ENTERPRISE,
and a multi_agent scheduler which can be customized using the basic and
specialized ONTOLOGIES in accordance with SPECIFIC_PRODUCTION features
and requirements for the TECHNOLOGICAL_OPERATIONS. PRACTICAL_RELEVANCE:
application of the SYSTEM developed with the method of PLANNING
INDUSTRIAL_RESOURCES is not limited to machine_building ENTERPRISES, but
can be recommended for managing projects, SUPPLY_CHAINS, etc.  2018
SAINT_PETERSBURG_STATE_UNIVERSITY of AEROSPACE_INSTRUMENTATION. all
rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 385
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Zhang R., 2016, J ADV COMPUT INTELL INTELLIGENT INFORMATICS, V20, P623
Title: influence of the CHINESE_GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY_POLICIES on
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS' profits: an AGENT_BASED_MODELING and
SIMULATION_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
the series of SUBSIDY_POLICIES launched by the CHINESE_GOVERNMENT has
affected SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS' PROFITS_DISTRIBUTION. to explore this
influence, an agent_based MODEL was designed, and EXPERIMENTS were
conducted under DIFFERENT_SUBSIDY_LEVELS. our MODEL focused on the
ORDINARY_BUSINESS_ENTITIES and their activities in the SUPPLY_CHAIN. by
investigating the REAL_WORLD and other researchers' studies,
AGENT_SIMULATION_CLASS_LIBRARY (e.g., CONTROL_AGENTS, COOPERATION/
COLLABORATION AGENTS, and FRACTAL_SIMULATION_AGENTS) and their
DECISION_KNOWLEDGE_BASES were designed to simulate the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS' behaviors, DECISION_PROCESSES, and OPERATION and
PRODUCTION_ACTIVITIES and behaviors. PRICE_MODEL, DEMAND_MODEL and
PROFIT_MODEL under the subsidy were built to evaluate the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS' profits under DIFFERENT_SUBSIDY_SCENARIOS. finally,
a multi_echelon appliance SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL was constructed, and
EXPERIMENTS were performed with DIFFERENT_LEVELS of SUBSIDY_LIMIT.
results showed that the SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS' profits increased under the
GOVERNMENT_SUBSIDY_POLICY. the agent_based MODELING and SIMULATION_METHOD
provides a NOVEL_APPROACH to explore the impact on PROFIT_DISTRIBUTION.
```

--

Record-No: 412
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Spata M.O., 2014, INT CONF ENG TECHNOL INNOV ENG RESPONSIBLE INNOV PROD
SERV ICE
Title: a novel matchmaking ALGORITHM for SMART_GRID_APPLICATIONS
Abstract:
```
POWER_CONVERSION for SUSTAINABLE_ENERGY_PRODUCTION and DISTRIBUTION is
one of the most ACTIVE_AREAS, since EFFICIENT_POWER_CONVERSION is
required at every level of energy SUPPLY_CHAIN, from the producer to the
consumer. even more, the DEMAND of energy efficient and
RELIABLE_POWER_CONVERSION is further strengthened by the
CURRENT_EVOLUTION towards INTELLIGENT_ENERGY_NETWORKS, I.e. SMART_GRIDS,
which facilitate the PERVASIVE_INTEGRATION and deployment of
RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES. in the STATE_OF_THE_ART, SMART_GRIDS
ELECTRICAL_ENERGY_GENERATION is based on the LOAD_DEMAND. when switching
to RENEWABLE_ENERGY_SOURCES, this scheme becomes problematic because
sources are not always available on DEMAND, unless a
LARGE_COSTLY_STORAGE_CAPACITY is introduced; MOREOVER_ENERGY_COST for
user during the DAY_PEAK_HOURS becomes very expensive for END_USERS. a
cheaper solution is to match the LOAD_DEMAND with the instantaneously
AVAILABLE_POWER and amount of stored energy. in this paper, a new
matchmaking solution based on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM and GAME_THEORY has been
developed and implemented, optimizing the SMART_GRID_ENERGY_MANAGEMENT
and consequently reducing COSTS for END_USERS.  2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 146
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Kurian D.S., 2022, APPL STOCHASTIC MODELS BUS INDUS
Title: DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING based ORDERING_MECHANISM for
PERFORMANCE_OPTIMIZATION in MULTI_ECHELON SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
the need for self_adaptive and INTELLIGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN systems is
essential to meet the challenges of the CURRENT_GLOBAL_MARKETS. despite
the RECENT_BREAKTHROUGHS in ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE, literature still
lacks the application of state_of_the_art methods to optimize the
PERFORMANCE of SUPPLY_CHAIN ordering MANAGEMENT_PROBLEMS. thus, this
paper proposes a relatively NEW_DEEP_REINFORCEMENT learning_based
ORDERING_MECHANISM (drlom) for multi_echelon linear SUPPLY_CHAIN systems.
initially, the SUPPLY_CHAIN ordering MANAGEMENT_PROBLEM is formulated as
an agent_based REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_MODEL and, afterwards, solved using
a recently developed policy_based ALGORITHM called
PROXIMAL_POLICY_OPTIMIZATION. the proposed approach (drlom) aids the
assumed SUPPLY_CHAIN echelons, such as the RETAILER, the wholesaler, the
distributor and the factory, to learn the optimal/near_optimal
DYNAMIC_STRATEGIES for INVENTORY ordering systems. the
EXPERIMENTAL_RESULTS also validate that the proposed approach efficiently
minimizes the system_wide total accumulated INVENTORY_COSTS under
DIFFERENT_PROBLEM_INSTANCES than other ordering HEURISTICS and
EVOLUTIONARY_COMPUTATION_METHODS. throughout this paper,
BENCHMARK_FINDINGS from the literature are used to evaluate the
PERFORMANCE of the proposed approach. furthermore, limitations of the
earlier works are addressed through this paper and contribute to the
SUPPLY_CHAIN ordering MANAGEMENT_LITERATURE.  2022 JOHN_WILEY & sons,
ltd.
```

--

Record-No: 73
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Hasan M., 2024, COMPUT ELECTR ENG, V114
Title: DEEP_HIERARCHICAL_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for
COLLABORATIVE_OBJECT_TRANSPORTATION by HETEROGENEOUS_AGENTS
Abstract:
```
in the LOGISTICS and SUPPLY_CHAIN domain, coordinated efforts among
AGENTS play a PIVOTAL_ROLE, particularly in the context of
COLLABORATIVE_OBJECT_TRANSPORTATION within a WAREHOUSE. this
PAPER_ADDRESSES the multifaceted challenge of multi_agent COORDINATION in
WAREHOUSE_ENVIRONMENTS characterized by SPARSE_REWARD_STRUCTURES, where
the ability to communicate among AGENTS may be limited or infeasible. due
to VARIOUS_CONSTRAINTS such as POWER_LIMITATIONS, WEIGHT_CAPACITY, or
specialized abilities, the INDIVIDUAL_EXECUTION of this task by a single
AGENT remains unattainable. our STUDY_FOCUSES on HETEROGENEOUS_AGENTS,
where each AGENT_POSSESSES a DISTINCT_SUBSET of skills and capabilities.
our RESEARCH_EXAMINES the EMERGENCE of COOPERATIVE_BEHAVIOR among groups
of AGENTS with the REQUISITE_SKILL sets, aiming to accomplish the task
without explicit inter_agent COMMUNICATION or prior COORDINATION. to
encourage IMPLICIT_AGENT_COORDINATION, we introduce a
HIERARCHICAL_APPROACH integrating a GLOBAL_EVALUATION of ABSTRACT_ACTIONS
with curiosity_driven intrinsic LEARNING. this approach is well_suited
for real_world settings with SCARCE_REWARDS. we evaluated ITS
effectiveness in a WAREHOUSE_DOMAIN, and the results show that our
approach consistently achieves higher AVERAGE_RETURNS,
FASTER_CONVERGENCE, and improved EXPLORATION_EFFICIENCY, highlighting ITS
effectiveness in DIVERSE_SCENARIOS.  2023 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 99
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Kim B., 2024, IISE TRANS, V56, P715
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING MODEL for INVENTORY_TRANSSHIPMENTS
under SUPPLY_CHAIN disruption
Abstract:
```
the covid_19 PANDEMIC has significantly disrupted global SUPPLY_CHAINS
(scs), emphasizing the importance of SC_RESILIENCE, which refers to the
ability of scs to return to their original or more DESIRABLE_STATE
following DISRUPTIONS. this STUDY_FOCUSES on COLLABORATION, a
KEY_COMPONENT of SC_RESILIENCE, and proposes a
NOVEL_COLLABORATIVE_STRUCTURE that incorporates a FICTITIOUS_AGENT to
MANAGE_INVENTORY_TRANSSHIPMENT_DECISIONS between RETAILERS in a
centralized manner while maintaining the RETAILERS_AUTONOMY in ordering.
the proposed COLLABORATIVE_STRUCTURE offers the following advantages from
SC_RESILIENCE and OPERATIONAL_PERSPECTIVES: (I) it
FACILITATES_DECISION_SYNCHRONIZATION for enhanced COLLABORATION among
RETAILERS, and (ii) it allows RETAILERS to collaborate without the need
for INFORMATION_SHARING, addressing the POTENTIAL_ISSUE of
INFORMATION_SHARING reluctance. additionally, this study employs
non_stationary PROBABILITY to capture the deeply UNCERTAIN_NATURE of the
RIPPLE_EFFECT and the highly VOLATILE_CUSTOMER_DEMAND caused by the
PANDEMIC. a NEW_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (rl) ALGORITHM is developed to
handle non_stationary environments and to implement the proposed
COLLABORATIVE_STRUCTURE. EXPERIMENTAL_RESULTS demonstrate that the
proposed COLLABORATIVE_STRUCTURE using the NEW_RL_ALGORITHM achieves
SUPERIOR_SC_RESILIENCE compared with centralized
INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS with TRANSSHIPMENT and DECENTRALIZED
INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS without TRANSSHIPMENT using
TRADITIONAL_RL_ALGORITHMS.  copyright  2023 iise.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 9
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Piao M., 2023, APPL SCI, V13
Title: a SUPPLY_CHAIN_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_METHOD for CIVIL_AIRCRAFT
MANUFACTURING based on MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
effective SUPPLY_CHAIN INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT is crucial for large_scale
MANUFACTURING_INDUSTRIES such as CIVIL_AIRCRAFT and AUTOMOBILE
MANUFACTURING to ensure efficient MANUFACTURING. generally, the
MAIN_MANUFACTURER makes the ANNUAL_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_PLAN, and
contacts with SUPPLIERS when some material is approaching
CRITICAL_INVENTORY_LEVEL according to the ACTUAL_PRODUCTION_SCHEDULE,
which increases the difficulty of INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT. in RECENT_YEARS,
many researchers have focused on using REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_METHOD to
study INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_PROBLEMS. CURRENT_APPROACHES were mainly
designed for the SUPPLY_CHAIN with single_node multi_material or
multi_node single_material mode, which are not suitable to the
CIVIL_AIRCRAFT MANUFACTURING SUPPLY_CHAIN with multi_node multi_material
mode. to deal with this problem, we formulated the problem as a partially
OBSERVABLE_MARKOV_DECISION_PROCESS (pomdp) MODEL and proposed a
multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_METHOD for SUPPLY_CHAIN
INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT, in which the dual_policy and
INFORMATION_TRANSMISSION_MECHANISM was designed to help the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PARTICIPANT improve the
GLOBAL_INFORMATION_UTILIZATION_EFFICIENCY of the SUPPLY_CHAIN and the
COORDINATION_EFFICIENCY with other participants. the EXPERIMENT_RESULTS
show that our method has about 45% PERFORMANCE_IMPROVEMENT on EFFICIENCY
compared with CURRENT_REINFORCEMENT learning_based methods.  2023 by the
authors.
```

--

Record-No: 90
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Ngu E., 2022, TRANSP RES REC, V2676, P385
Title: DECENTRALISED MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING approach for the same
day DELIVERY_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
same_day delivery (sdd) services have become increasingly popular in
RECENT_YEARS. these have been usually modeled by PREVIOUS_STUDIES as a
CERTAIN_CLASS of DYNAMIC_VEHICLE ROUTING_PROBLEM (dvrp) where goods must
be delivered from a depot to a set of CUSTOMERS in the same day that the
orders were placed. adaptive EXACT_SOLUTION_METHODS for dvrps can become
intractable even for SMALL_PROBLEM_INSTANCES. in this paper, the same_day
DELIVERY_PROBLEM (sddp) is formulated as a MARKOV_DECISION_PROCESS (mdp)
and it is solved using a parameter_sharing deep q_network, which
corresponds to a DECENTRALISED multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (marl)
approach. for this, a multi_agent grid_based SDD_ENVIRONMENT is created,
consisting of MULTIPLE_VEHICLES, a CENTRAL_DEPOT, and
DYNAMIC_ORDER_GENERATION. in addition, zone_specific order generation and
REWARD_PROBABILITIES are introduced. the PERFORMANCE of the proposed
MARL_APPROACH is compared against a mixed_integer programming (mip)
solution. results show that the proposed MARL_FRAMEWORK_PERFORMS on par
with mip_based POLICY when the number of orders is relatively low. for
PROBLEM_INSTANCES with higher ORDER_ARRIVAL_RATES, COMPUTATIONAL_RESULTS
show that the MARL_APPROACH_UNDERPERFORMS_MIP by up to 30%. the
PERFORMANCE_GAP between both methods becomes smaller when zone_specific
parameters are employed. the gap is reduced from 30% to 3% for a 5 3 5
GRID_SCENARIO with 30 orders. EXECUTION_TIME_RESULTS indicate that the
MARL_APPROACH is, on average, 65 times faster than the mip_based POLICY,
and therefore may be more advantageous for real_time CONTROL, at least
for small_sized instances.  NATIONAL_ACADEMY of sciences:
TRANSPORTATION_RESEARCH_BOARD 2022.
```

--

Record-No: 242
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Firdausiyah N., 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENVIRON SCI, V328
Title: impacts of URBAN_CONSOLIDATION_CENTRES for SUSTAINABLE_CITY_LOGISTICS
using ADAPTIVE_DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING based MULTI_AGENT SIMULATION
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_AIMS at evaluating the impacts of URBAN_CONSOLIDATION_CENTERS
(ucc) for SUSTAINABLE_CITY_LOGISTICS using ADAPTIVE_DYNAMIC_PROGRAMMING
(adp) based multi_agent SIMULATION (mas_adp). ECONOMIC_EFFICIENCY and
ENVIRONMENT_FRIENDLINESS_CRITERIA were used to evaluate the
SUSTAINABILITY of ucc. the results proved that the implementation of ucc
as a SUSTAINABLE_CITY_LOGISTICS_SCHEME is efficient in reducing 8% of the
TOTAL_DELIVERY_COST for FREIGHT_CARRIER and reducing 36% of the
TOTAL_EMISSIONS released to the ENVIRONMENT. it is also showed that the
use of LEARNING AGENTS is essential to demonstrate the
SUCCESSFUL_IMPLEMENTATION of the ucc, as it is only in the learning_based
SIMULATION, UCC_OPERATOR could get a profit. our SIMULATION_ANALYSIS also
confirmed that compared to widely used reinforced LEARNING_ALGORITHMS
(q_learning), mas_adp brought increased ACCURACY to the evaluations'
outcomes of ucc.  2019 iop publishing ltd. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 250
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Ballouki I., 2018, PROC INT CONF OPTIM APPL ICOA, P1
Title: ECODESIGN_INTEGRATION in the JOINT_DESIGN of product and ITS
SUPPLY_CHAIN: AGENT_BASED_MODEL
Abstract:
```
the JOINT_DESIGN of product and ITS SUPPLY_CHAIN becomes a trend in the
INDUSTRIAL_WORLD that reduces DESIGN'S COSTS and delay. in PREVIOUS_WORKS
we proposed a distributed ARCHITECTURE, based on AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS, in
order to MODEL_COOPERATION_ACTIVITIES between PRODUCT_DESIGNERS and
SUPPLY_CHAIN partners in PRODUCT_DEVELOPMENT_STAGE. the
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM_AIMS to choose a product from a set of product'S
alternatives, the optimal one according to ITS SUPPLY_CHAIN COSTS. the
proposed AGENTS are imbedded with OPTIMIZATION_MODELS that
MINIMIZES_COSTS and specifies selected nodes and activities assigned to
each SUPPLY_CHAIN partner. unfortunately, COSTS are not a
DECISIVE_CRITERION, many criteria should be integrated to choose the
OPTIMAL_PRODUCT_DESIGN like ENVIRONMENTAL_CRITERIA. in this paper, we
present a NEW_MODEL that integrate the ENVIRONMENTAL_CONSTRAINTS in
PRODUCT_SELECTION. consequently, we propose to adopt a
MULTI_CRITERIA_DECISION_METHOD to reduce the number of product'S
alternatives proposed by PRODUCT_DESIGNERS based on
ENVIRONMENTAL_CRITERIA, then COSTS' OPTIMIZATION can be done to select
the best PRODUCT_DESIGN. the goal is to avoid the HUGE_SIMULATION_TIME
that can GENERATE_COSTS' OPTIMIZATION for all proposed PRODUCT_DESIGNS
and at the same time we select an eco_friendly DESIGN with OPTIMAL_COSTS.
2018 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 97
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Bi Z., 2024, DRONES, V8
Title: truck DRONE_DELIVERY OPTIMIZATION based on
MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
in RECENT_YEARS, the adoption of TRUCKDRONE_COLLABORATIVE_DELIVERY has
emerged as an INNOVATIVE_APPROACH to ENHANCE_TRANSPORTATION_EFFICIENCY
and minimize the depletion of HUMAN_RESOURCES. such a MODEL
simultaneously addresses the ENDURANCE_LIMITATIONS of DRONES and the
TIME_WASTAGE incurred during the last_mile deliveries by TRUCKS. TRUCKS
serve not only as a CARRIER_PLATFORM for DRONES but also as STORAGE_HUBS
and ENERGY_SOURCES for these unmanned AERIAL_VEHICLES. drawing from the
DISTINCTIVE_ATTRIBUTES of TRUCKDRONE_COLLABORATIVE_DELIVERY, this
RESEARCH has created a multi_drone delivery ENVIRONMENT utilizing the
MPE_LIBRARY. furthermore, a spectrum of OPTIMIZATION_TECHNIQUES has been
employed to enhance the ALGORITHMS_EFFICACY within the
TRUCKDRONE_DISTRIBUTION_SYSTEM. finally, a COMPARATIVE_ANALYSIS is
conducted with other multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_ALGORITHMS within
the same ENVIRONMENT, thus affirming the rationality of the
PROBLEM_FORMULATION and highlighting the ALGORITHMS SUPERIOR_PERFORMANCE.
2024 by the authors.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 34
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Miyajima R., 2024, INT CONF AGENT ARTIF INTELL, V1, P231
Title: DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_FRAMEWORK with REPRESENTATION_LEARNING for
CONCURRENT_NEGOTIATION
Abstract:
```
in the field of AUTOMATED_NEGOTIATION, SIGNIFICANT_ATTENTION has been
paid to methods for LEARNING NEGOTIATION_STRATEGIES using
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING. however, in CONCURRENT_NEGOTIATION, where
NEGOTIATION_PROCEEDS with MULTIPLE_COUNTERPARTIES with VARIOUS_STRATEGIES
in parallel, it is difficult to consider the differences in the
strategies of counterparties using the CONVENTIONAL_FORMULATION in which
the state is defined using the bids of both counterparties. in this
study, we propose a REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_FRAMEWORK for LEARNING
NEGOTIATION_STRATEGIES that considers the STRATEGY_MODELS of the
NEGOTIATION_PARTNERS in CONCURRENT_NEGOTIATIONS. STRATEGY MODELING is
realized using embeddings with a REPRESENTATION_FUNCTION based on the
unsupervised LEARNING of GENERATIVEDISCRIMINATIVE_REPRESENTATIONS from
NEGOTIATION_LOG_DATA. through EVALUATION_EXPERIMENTS, we show the
PERFORMANCE of the REPRESENTATION_FUNCTION in identifying the strategies
of NEGOTIATION_PARTNERS and the effectiveness of introducing the
REPRESENTATION_FUNCTION into the REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING of
NEGOTIATION_STRATEGIES.  2024, science and TECHNOLOGY_PUBLICATIONS, lda.
all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 26
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Saha E., 2024, COMPUT IND ENG, V191
Title: a SMART_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM with MEDICATION_DEMAND_DEPENDENCIES
in a hospital SUPPLY_CHAIN: a MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING approach
Abstract:
```
in light of the INTENSE_NEED for QUALITY_HEALTH and well_being, the
HEALTHCARE_INDUSTRY must improve ITS OPERATIONS by strengthening ITS
SERVICE_DELIVERY and reducing OVERALL_COSTS. a
SMART_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM for managing medicines in a hospital
SUPPLY_CHAIN (hsc) is one of the best SOLUTIONS as ITS
ADVANTAGES_ENSURE_AVAILABILITY of AFFORDABLE_MEDICINES as well as
INVENTORY_COST_REDUCTION. SIGNIFICANT_EFFORT is made on
INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT from literature; however, SMART_INVENTORY_SYSTEMS
for hsc considering the VARIOUS_COMPLEXITIES and uniqueness of
HEALTHCARE_SYSTEMS are limited. this PAPER_ATTEMPTS to fill this gap by
developing a stochastic semi_markov DECISION_PROCESS MODEL which is
solved by a multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_METHOD. data collected
from a MULTISPECIALTY_HOSPITAL in india'S eastern region serves to
validate the proposed MODEL. the results present the
OPTIMAL_ORDER_QUANTITIES and OPTIMAL_INVENTORY_CONTROL_POLICY for the hsc
considering the UNCERTAIN_MEDICATION_DEMAND at the HOSPITAL_PHARMACY and
multiple point_of_care units, and DEMAND_DEPENDENCIES among medicines
prescribed to the patients admitted in the hospital. the study also has
SIGNIFICANT_MANAGERIAL_IMPLICATIONS for enhancing hsc'S INVENTORY
PERFORMANCE, improving the HEALTHCARE_SERVICE_DELIVERY, reducing
HEALTHCARE_COST, thereby ensuring the affordable, accessible, and
QUALITY_HEALTHCARE to the society.  2024 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 67
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Suzuki S., 2024, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P415
Title: quantifying the impact of PHYSICAL_INTERNET_SYSTEMS under
DECENTRALIZED_CONTROL
Abstract:
```
the LOGISTICS_CRISIS spread worldwide due to the imbalance between the
SUPPLY_SHORTAGE and the rise of fluctuating demands. PHYSICAL_INTERNET
(pi), the analogous of DIGITAL_INTERNET described as an
OPEN_LOGISTICS_NETWORK SHARING assets and FLOW_CONSOLIDATION, is
introduced to solve the inefficiency of TRANSPORTATION by providing
HIGH_INTERCONNECTIVITY, STANDARDIZATION_PROTOCOL, and DECENTRALIZED
MANAGEMENT. this RESEARCH comparatively investigates the PERFORMANCE of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN under DIFFERENT_NETWORK_FRAMEWORKS, namely, traditional
SUPPLY_NETWORK (tr) and PI_SYSTEM by using multi_agent
SIMULATION_APPROACH. regarding to pi in particular, assuming the
INITIAL_PHASE of PI_IMPLEMENTATION, DECENTRALIZED CONTROL_SYSTEM has been
adopted in which each PI_PARTICIPANT_PURSUES their OWN_PROFITABILITY like
tr even though PIS_PARTICIPANTS share the RESOURCES such as WAREHOUSES
and TRUCKS in a SUPPLY_CHAIN. SIMULATION_RESULTS showed that pi maintain
significantly lower number of OPPORTUNITY_LOSSES than tr, even in the
SYSTEM under DECENTRALIZED_CONTROL that are assumed to be in the
INITIAL_PHASE of PI_IMPLEMENTATION.  the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SINGAPORE_PTE_LTD. 2024.
```

--

Record-No: 56
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Tarhan F.A., 2024, DRONES, V8
Title: GENETIC_ALGORITHM aided DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for MULTI_AGENT
DRONE_DELIVERY
Abstract:
```
the popularity of commercial unmanned AERIAL_VEHICLES has drawn
GREAT_ATTENTION from the e_commerce INDUSTRY due to their suitability for
last_mile delivery. however, the ORGANIZATION of MULTIPLE_AERIAL_VEHICLES
efficiently for delivery within limitations and uncertainties is still a
problem. the MAIN_CHALLENGE of PLANNING is SCALABILITY, since the
PLANNING_SPACE grows exponentially to the number of AGENTS, and it is not
efficient to let human_level supervisors structure the problem for
large_scale settings. ALGORITHMS based on deep q_networks had
UNPRECEDENTED_SUCCESS in solving decision_making problems. extension of
these ALGORITHMS to multi_agent problems is limited due to
SCALABILITY_ISSUES. this work proposes an approach that improves the
PERFORMANCE of deep q_networks on multi_agent delivery by DRONE_PROBLEMS
by utilizing STATE_DECOMPOSITIONS for lowering the PROBLEM_COMPLEXITY,
CURRICULUM_LEARNING for handling the EXPLORATION_COMPLEXITY, and
GENETIC_ALGORITHMS for searching efficient packet_drone matching across
the COMBINATORIAL_SOLUTION_SPACE. the PERFORMANCE of the proposed method
is shown in a multi_agent delivery by DRONE_PROBLEM that has 10 AGENTS
and (formula presented.) STATEACTION_PAIRS.
COMPARATIVE_SIMULATION_RESULTS are provided to demonstrate the merit of
the proposed method. the proposed genetic_algorithm_aided multi_agent drl
outperformed the rest in terms of SCALABILITY and CONVERGENT_BEHAVIOR.
2024 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 42
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Gaida I.W.E., 2023, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P135
Title: MULTI_AGENT based ANT_COLONY_APPROACH for SUPPLY_CHAIN delivery
ROUTING_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
in the prospect of improving SUPPLY_CHAIN delivery PLANNING, this
PAPER_INTRODUCES an improved VEHICLE_ROUTING MODEL using the
ANT_COLONY_OPTIMIZATION_APPROACH. based on LITERATURE_SURVEYS, many
related articles on vrp (VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM) MODELS proved
SUITABLE_RESULTS exclusively in the hunt for an OPTIMAL_DELIVERY_TOUR.
the use of ANT_COLONY_OPTIMIZATION_AID to ameliorate the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_DELIVERY_PROCESS by finding the best SHORTEST_ROUTE_TOUR for
CONSUMERS_PACKET_DELIVERY to all locations. ANT_COLONY_OPTIMIZATION is an
ai (ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE) TECHNIQUE that is based on a
METAHEURISTICS_APPROACH with the MAIN_GOAL of effectively piloting
through PLAUSIBLE_ROAD_PATH_SELECTION using multi_ant AGENTS and
appreciably scaling down the TIME_ASPECT in the search of a fast and
EFFICIENT_DELIVERY_TOUR_MISSION. ANT_COLONY_APPROACH enables EFFICIENCY
for the best routing SELECTION_PROCESS and time_saving while maximizing
profit. for this study, a TYPICAL_SCENARIO of a
SUPPLY_CHAIN_DELIVERY_PLANNING_PROBLEM is assumed to illustrate the
application of ANT_COLONY_OPTIMIZATION_TECHNIQUE, and an efficient
routing PATH_SELECTION is found after the computation of the MODEL for
both scenarios (from depart to return), and the TOTAL_DISTANCE covered is
minimal. furthermore, GRAPHICAL_REPRESENTATIONS will be showcased for the
PROBLEM_SCENARIO, the THEORETICAL_ANALYSIS and MODEL_FORMULATION of
ANT_COLONY_OPTIMIZATION are also explained, and a step_by_step
ANT_COLONY_ALGORITHM steps wise approach are described, and also other
illustrations are well exhibited in below sections.  2023, the author(s),
under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SINGAPORE_PTE_LTD.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 15
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Jo H., 2023, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V913, P963
Title: MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING based UAS_CONTROL for
LOGISTICS_ENVIRONMENTS
Abstract:
```
with RECENT_TECHNOLOGICAL_DEVELOPMENTS, the uas (unmanned AERIAL_SYSTEM)
has been recognized for ITS value and usefulness in VARIOUS_FIELDS. prior
researchers have utilized several DRONES in COLLABORATION to navigate to
achieve COMMON_GOALS such as TARGET_TRACKING, RESCUE_OPERATIONS, and
target_finding with multi_uas systems. multi_agent
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_ALGORITHMS are a type of
ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENCE_TECHNOLOGY in which many AGENTS_COLLABORATE to
perform tasks. when a multi_uas COOPERATIVE_NAVIGATION_TECHNIQUE is
deployed to a complicated ENVIRONMENT such as an URBAN_LOGISTICS_SYSTEM,
the AGENTS_LEARNING_CAPACITIES become more tedious. in this study, we
present what is termed the improved multi_actor_attention_critic (imaac)
approach, a modified multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING_METHOD for
application to URBAN_AIR_MOBILITY_LOGISTIC_SERVICES. a
VIRTUAL_SIMULATION_ENVIRONMENT based on unity is created to validate the
suggested method. in the VIRTUAL_ENVIRONMENT, the real_world situation of
UAS_LOGISTICS_DEVELOPMENT_SERVICES is replicated. when the findings are
compared to those of other LANDMARK_REINFORCEMENT_ALGORITHMS, IMAAC_SHOWS
a higher LEARNING_RATE than those by the other ALGORITHMS when utilized
in multi_agent systems.  2023, the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to
SPRINGER_NATURE_SINGAPORE_PTE_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 28
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Khirwar M., 2023, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14174 LNAI, P619
Title: cooperative MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
with REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (rl) for INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT (im) being a
NASCENT_FIELD of RESEARCH, approaches tend to be limited to simple,
LINEAR_ENVIRONMENTS with implementations that are MINOR_MODIFICATIONS of
off_the_shelf rl ALGORITHMS. scaling these SIMPLISTIC_ENVIRONMENTS to a
real_world SUPPLY_CHAIN comes with a few challenges, such as minimizing
the COMPUTATIONAL_REQUIREMENTS of the ENVIRONMENT, specifying
AGENT_CONFIGURATIONS that are representative of DYNAMICS at real_world
stores and WAREHOUSES, and specifying a REWARD_FRAMEWORK that encourages
DESIRABLE_BEHAVIOR across the whole SUPPLY_CHAIN. in this work, we
present a SYSTEM with a custom gpu_parallelized ENVIRONMENT that consists
of one WAREHOUSE and MULTIPLE_STORES, a NOVEL_ARCHITECTURE for
agent_environment DYNAMICS incorporating enhanced state and
ACTION_SPACES, and a shared REWARD_SPECIFICATION that seeks to optimize
for a LARGE_RETAILERS SUPPLY_CHAIN needs. each vertex in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_GRAPH is an INDEPENDENT_AGENT that, based on ITS
OWN_INVENTORY, able to place REPLENISHMENT_ORDERS to the VERTEX_UPSTREAM.
the WAREHOUSE_AGENT, aside from placing orders from the supplier, has the
SPECIAL_PROPERTY of also being able to CONSTRAIN_REPLENISHMENT to stores
downstream, which results in it LEARNING an additional allocation
sub_policy. we achieve a SYSTEM that outperforms
STANDARD_INVENTORY_CONTROL_POLICIES such as a base_stock POLICY and other
rl_based SPECIFICATIONS for one product, and lay out a FUTURE_DIRECTION
of work for MULTIPLE_PRODUCTS.  2023, the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 54
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Kurian D.S., 2023, APPL STOCHASTIC MODELS BUS INDUS
Title: correction to DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING based ORDERING_MECHANISM for
PERFORMANCE_OPTIMIZATION in MULTI_ECHELON SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_ADDRESSES and acknowledges the VALUABLE_FEEDBACK provided by
dr. deniz preil in response to the RECENT_STUDY conducted by kurian et al
which investigates the application of PROXIMAL_POLICY_OPTIMIZATION (ppo)
to determine dynamic ordering POLICIES within multi_echelon
SUPPLY_CHAINS. the first comment raised by dr. preil motivated an
examination of the training and EVALUATION_PROCEDURES in EXPERIMENTS 2,
3, and 4. the EXPERIMENTS 2 and 3 were reworked to address this, allowing
the seed to vary for every training iteration, resulting in refined
outcomes while there was no need of reworking of experiment 4. the second
comment focused on the BENCHMARKING strategies involving the 1_1 POLICY
and the order_up_to (out) POLICY, clarifying the distinctions between the
two POLICIES and justifying the use of the 1_1 POLICY for BENCHMARKING in
experiment 4. the implementation of the widely accepted out POLICY was
explained, highlighting the MEANINGFUL_RATIONALE behind ITS use. these
DISCUSSIONS_AIM to enhance the METHODOLOGY employed by kurian et al and
strengthen the implications of the findings within the domain of
SUPPLY_CHAIN ordering MANAGEMENT.  2023 JOHN_WILEY & SONS_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 22
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Maktabifard A., 2023, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14239 LNCS, P450
Title: constrained MULTI_AGENT path PLANNING_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
PLANNING the most EFFICIENT_ROUTES in a COOPERATIVE_MANNER is a challenge
for many MOBILITY and LOGISTICS_SERVICE_PROVIDERS. in this paper, a
NEW_METHODOLOGICAL_APPROACH is presented based on the multi_agent
PATH_PLANNING (mapp) problem which is a variant of the classical multiple
traveling SALESMEN_PROBLEM (MTSP). given a team of M_AGENTS that must
visit N_TARGETS, the OPTIMAL_PATHS_PLAN (a set of M_PATHS) should be
determined such that each target is visited only once. minimizing the
time of this COOPERATIVE_OPERATION is the OPTIMIZATION_GOAL in this
study. thus, the plan is optimal, if the LONGEST_PATH in the plan is the
shortest possible (min_max problem). in order to deal with more
PRACTICAL_SITUATIONS, two ADDITIONAL_CONSTRAINTS are applied: the
MAXIMUM_NUMBER of targets each AGENT is allowed to visit, and the
MAXIMUM_RANGE for each AGENT. accordingly, a so_called constrained
multi_agent PATH_PLANNING (cmapp) problem is elaborated in this paper. an
easy to apply GENETIC_ALGORITHM (GA) is presented, which improves the
paths using genetic_like operators and a HEURISTIC_METHOD. the
applicability of the APPROXIMATE_SOLUTION was tested in four
RANDOM_SCENARIOS where it showed a DECENT_PERFORMANCE. the developed
method can be used for ROUTE_PLANNING of MOBILITY and LOGISTICS_SERVICES
in which several destinations must be reached by a fleet of VEHICLES
(e.g., group ride_sharing, last_mile delivery).  2023, the author(s),
under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 98
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Okada T., 2023, INTL J ADV  COMPUT SCI APPL, V14, P65
Title: SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK MODEL using MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for
COVID_19
Abstract:
```
the covid_19 vaccination MANAGEMENT in JAPAN has revealed many problems.
the number of VACCINES available was clearly less than the number of
people who wanted to be vaccinated. initially, the SYSTEM was managed by
making reservations with AGE_GROUP utilizing VACCINATION_COUPONS. after
the second round of vaccinations, only appointments for VACCINATION_DATES
were coordinated and VACCINATION_SITES were set up in SHIBUYA_WARD where
the vaccine could be taken freely. under a shortage of vaccine SUPPLY,
the inability to make appointments arose from a failure to properly
ESTIMATE_DEMAND. in addition, the vaccine expired due to
INADEQUATE_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT, resulting in the vaccine being
discarded. this is considered to be a SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEM in which
appropriate SUPPLY could not be provided in response to DEMAND. in
response to this problem, this PAPER_EXAMINES whether it is possible to
avoid shortage and STOCK_DISCARDS by a DECENTRALIZED MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM
for easy on_site INVENTORY_CONTROL instead of a centralized
MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM in REAL_WORLD. based on a multi_agent MODEL, a MODEL
was created to REDISTRIBUTE_INVENTORY to clients by predicting
FUTURE_SHORTAGE based on DEMAND_FLUCTUATIONS and PAST_INVENTORY_LEVELS.
the MODEL was constructed by adopting the KANTO_REGION. the
VALIDATION_RESULTS of the MODEL showed that the number of discards was
reduced by about 70% and out_of_stocks by about 12% as a result of
LEARNING the DISPERSION_MANAGEMENT and out_of_stock FORECASTING  2023,
INTERNATIONAL_JOURNAL of advanced COMPUTER_SCIENCE and APPLICATIONS.all
rights reserved.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT; LEARNING_SYSTEMS;
HEURISTICS_AND_META_HEURISTICS; VEHICLE_ROUTING_PROBLEM;
COMPUTATIONAL_METHODS; DEEP_LEARNING; VEHICLES;
DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING; LEARNING_ALGORITHMS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 14
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Zhang B., 2023, PROC IEEE/ACM INT SYMP DISTRIB SIMUL REAL TIME APPL DSRT,
P117
Title: MULTI_AGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for improving SUPPLY_CHAIN VISIBILITY
in INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT
Abstract:
```
this paper proposes a NOVEL_APPROACH to enhance SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC)
VISIBILITY, COOPERATION, and PERFORMANCE during INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT
while effectively mitigating the risk of INFORMATION_LEAKAGE by
leveraging MACHINE_LEARNING_TECHNIQUES. the SC_INVENTORY_POLICIES are
optimized using multi_agent REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING (marl) and
SC_NETWORK_TOPOLOGICAL_INFORMATION. furthermore, we conduct a
simulation_based EVALUATION that demonstrates the SUPERIOR_PERFORMANCE of
our method compared to ALTERNATIVE_OPTIMIZATION_APPROACHES. this RESEARCH
effectively addresses the DUAL_OBJECTIVES of ensuring
INFORMATION_SECURITY and achieving COST_REDUCTION in
SC_INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT.  2023 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 167
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Fedorov E., 2022, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V461, P447
Title: intellectualization of LEAN_PRODUCTION_LOGISTIC_TECHNOLOGY based on
FUZZY_EXPERT_SYSTEM and MULTI_AGENT METAHEURISTICS
Abstract:
```
the PAPER_DISCUSSES the intellectualization of LEAN_PRODUCTION in order
to minimize the COSTS MAIN_GROUPS that do not develop CUSTOMER_VALUE for
the END_USER in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT INDUSTRIAL_ENTERPRISES by
creating OPTIMIZATION_METHODS based on multi_agent METAHEURISTICS and an
ADAPTIVE_FUZZY_EXPERT_SYSTEM for evaluating EQUIPMENT_LOAD_EFFICIENCY,
the use of which is aimed at creating perfect, and, consequently,
competitive SUPPLY_CHAINS for ECONOMY_GLOBALIZATION and
intellectualization. the possibility of minimizing COSTS associated with
unnecessary (unjustified) movements of goods and personnel has been
substantiated, and it is also proposed to MINIMIZE_LOSSES associated with
expectations, with managing stocks and determining the SHORTEST_PATH of
movement of goods through multi_agent METAHEURISTIC methods based on
PARTICLE_SWARM_OPTIMIZATION and SIMULATED_ANNEALING. the proposed methods
provide CONTROL over the CONVERGENCE_RATE of the method, providing global
(at INITIAL_ITERATIONS) and local (at FINAL_ITERATIONS) searches by
simulating annealing, the possibility of discrete and
CONDITIONAL_OPTIMIZATION through the RANDOM_KEY_TECHNIQUE and the
PENALTY_FUNCTION. an ADAPTIVE_FUZZY_EXPERT_SYSTEM for assessing the
EFFICIENCY of EQUIPMENT_LOAD has been developed which simplifies the
INTERACTION between the operator and the COMPUTER_SYSTEM through the use
of QUALITY_INDICATORS and also allows the IDENTIFICATION of ITS
parameters using the proposed multi_agent METAHEURISTICS. the proposed
OPTIMIZATION_METHODS based on multi_agent METAHEURISTICS and an
ADAPTIVE_FUZZY_EXPERT_SYSTEM allow intellectualizing
LEAN_PRODUCTION_LOGISTIC_TECHNOLOGY for INDUSTRIAL_ENTERPRISES.  2022,
the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to
SPRINGER_NATURE_SINGAPORE_PTE_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 158
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Hori M., 2022, PROC INT CONGR ADV APPL INFORMATICS IIAIAAI, P384
Title: applying REWARD_DESIGN based on PAYMENT_MECHANISM to shaped reward dqn
for BEER_GAME
Abstract:
```
we focus on the application of MULTIAGENT_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. the BEER_GAME is an example of a problem in
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT and has been studied as a COOPERATION_PROBLEM in
MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS. in the PREVIOUS_STUDY, a METHOD_SRDQN that is based
on DEEP_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING and REWARD_SHAPING has been applied as a
solution to the BEER_GAME. in the PREVIOUS_STUDY of srdqn, a single AGENT
in a GAME_PERFORMS_REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING considering other AGENTS to
reduce the GLOBAL_COST for inventories of beers. however, it is possible
to employ other REWARD_SHAPING techniques to improve LEARNING_STABILITY.
it can also be effective in the systems consisting of MULTIPLE_AGENTS
that perform REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING. we apply a REWARD_SHAPING TECHNIQUE
based on MECHANISM_DESIGN to srdqn to improve the COOPERATIVE_POLICIES,
and then we empirically evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed
approach.  2022 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 285
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Adi T.N., 2020, INTERCONNECTED SUPPLY CHAIN ERA INNOV PROC INT CONF INF
SYST LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN ILS, P167
Title: reduction of number of EMPTY_TRUCK_TRIPS in INTER_TERMINAL_TRANSPORTATION
using MULTI_AGENT Q_LEARNING
Abstract:
```
in a port consisting of MULTIPLE_CONTAINER_TERMINALS, the DEMAND for
TRANSPORTATION of CONTAINERS and cargo among PORT_FACILITIES is high.
almost all TRANSSHIPMENT_CONTAINERS bound for a vessel generally are
transported from one terminal to another within a SHORT_PERIOD, which
PROCESS is known as inter_terminal TRANSPORTATION (itt).
ADEQUATE_ITT_PLANNING is required in order to reduce itt_related COSTS.
minimization of the number of empty_truck trips has gained attention, as
the ITT_PROBLEM_INCURS itt_related COSTS. a single q_learning_based
TECHNIQUE developed in a PREVIOUS_STUDY for minimization of the number of
empty_truck trips required HIGH_COMPUTATIONAL_TIME while LEARNING from a
CONSIDERABLE_AMOUNT of ORDERS_DATA. this paper proposes multi_agent
q_learning to improve the PERFORMANCE offered by the previous
single_agent_based MODEL. our results show that multi_agent q_learning
performs better than the single_agent alternative in terms of
COMPUTATION_TIME and, therefore too, the quality of ITS results.
interconnected SUPPLY_CHAINS in an era of INNOVATION _ proceedings of the
8th INTERNATIONAL_CONFERENCE on INFORMATION_SYSTEMS, LOGISTICS and
SUPPLY_CHAIN, ils 2020. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 278
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Mokgohloa K., 2020, INT ASSOC MANAG TECHNOL CONF IAMOT, P260
Title: GENERIC_LOGISTICS MODELING with SYSTEMS_ENGINEERING
Abstract:
```
the ability to predict the SUPPLY_AND_DEMAND of country to GLOBAL_ENERGY,
water and RESOURCES is a challenge. SPECIFIC_RESOURCE_MODELS have been
researched for INDIVIDUAL_RESOURCE_LOGISTICS but with limitations on
interdependencies, country and GLOBAL_INFRASTRUCTURE, SUPPLY and
DEMAND_MODELS and other constraints. this RESEARCH_FOCUSES on the
application of SYSTEMS_ENGINEERING together with AGENT_BASED_MODELS,
developing country specific SUPPLY and DEMAND_NETWORKS, extending into a
POTENTIAL_GLOBAL_MODEL. these NETWORKS are adopted as a multi_variable
conduit with the ability to predict DEMAND of VARIOUS_RESOURCES. the
country SPECIFIC_NETWORK is classified so as to deliver LOGISTICS based
on DEMAND. VARIOUS_SCENARIOS together with OPTIMIZATION_PROPOSITIONS are
developed. a country specific, forward PREDICTION_MODEL is delivered
based on GROWTH_RATES and country SPECIFIC_FUTURE change.
KEY_CONSIDERATIONS include the ability to link SUPPLY, DEMAND and country
SPECIFIC_NETWORKS. the NETWORK_CLASSIFICATIONS together with input and
OUTPUT_MODELS are crucial to resolution of the challenge.  2020 26th
INTERNATIONAL_ASSOCIATION for MANAGEMENT of TECHNOLOGY_CONFERENCE, iamot
2017. all rights reserved.
```

Record-No: 110
Citations: 0
Record-ID: [Anonymous], 2020, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V12025 LNAI
Title: 20th INTERNATIONAL_WORKSHOP on MULTI_AGENT based SIMULATION, MABS 2019
Abstract:
```
the proceedings contain 9 papers. the SPECIAL_FOCUS in this conference is
on multi_agent_based SIMULATION. the topics include:
REINFORCEMENT_LEARNING of SUPPLY_CHAIN CONTROL POLICY using CLOSED_LOOP
multi_agent SIMULATION; on developing a more comprehensive
decision_making ARCHITECTURE for empirical SOCIAL_RESEARCH: agent_based
SIMULATION of MOBILITY_DEMANDS in switzerland; MODELLING POLICY shift
advocacy; a COLLECTIVE_ACTION_SIMULATION_PLATFORM; an
OPINION_DIFFUSION_MODEL with VIGILANT_AGENTS and deliberation;
AGENT_BASED_SIMULATION of the DENGUE_VIRUS_PROPAGATION; AGENTS with
DYNAMIC_SOCIAL_NORMS.
```


