You are an automated scientific writer assistant. Use only the
information provided in the following records to write one paragraph
explaining and exemplifying the relationships among the following
keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

Use the Record-No value between brackets to indicate the reference to the
record. For example, [1] means that the information is in the Record-No
1. Use notes below of the generated text to justify the affirmation. Use
only phrases appearing in the provided text.

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 151
Citations: 71
Record-ID: Herrera M., 2020, PROCESS, V8
Title: MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS and COMPLEX_NETWORKS: REVIEW and APPLICATIONS in
SYSTEMS_ENGINEERING
Abstract:
```
SYSTEMS_ENGINEERING is an UBIQUITOUS_DISCIPLINE of engineering
overlapping industrial, chemical, mechanical, MANUFACTURING, CONTROL,
software, electrical, and CIVIL_ENGINEERING. it provides TOOLS for
dealing with the COMPLEXITY and DYNAMICS related to the OPTIMISATION of
physical, natural, and VIRTUAL_SYSTEMS_MANAGEMENT. this paper presents a
REVIEW of how multi_agent systems and COMPLEX_NETWORKS_THEORY are brought
together to ADDRESS_SYSTEMS_ENGINEERING and MANAGEMENT_PROBLEMS. the
REVIEW also encompasses CURRENT and FUTURE_RESEARCH_DIRECTIONS both for
THEORETICAL_FUNDAMENTALS and APPLICATIONS in the INDUSTRY. this is made
by considering trends such as mesoscale, multiscale, and
MULTILAYER_NETWORKS along with the state_of_art analysis on
NETWORK_DYNAMICS and INTELLIGENT_NETWORKS. critical and
SMART_INFRASTRUCTURE, MANUFACTURING_PROCESSES, and SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS
are instances of RESEARCH_TOPICS for which this LITERATURE_REVIEW is
highly relevant.  2020 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 279
Citations: 62
Record-ID: Gharaei A., 2018, APPL SOFT COMPUT J, V65, P577
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH to the integrated PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING and
DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM in MULTI_FACTORY SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
RESEARCH on the integrity of SUPPLY_CHAIN_DECISIONS is constantly
increasing. one of the most INTERESTING_TOPICS is the INTEGRATION in
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING and DISTRIBUTION_DECISIONS. however, there is
little study when MULTIPLE_AGENTS affect the SUPPLY_CHAIN_DECISIONS. in
multi_agent SCHEDULING, when CUSTOMERS are considered as AGENTS, each of
them has ITS OWN_JOBS with SPECIFIC_OBJECTIVE, and set of
CUSTOMERS_COMPETES to PROCESS the jobs on the shared RESOURCES in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN. this PAPER_STUDIES a multi_agent SCHEDULING_PROBLEM with
DISTRIBUTION_DECISIONS in a multi_factory SUPPLY_CHAIN. to save the
DELIVERY_COST, BATCH_DELIVERY is proposed. it means several jobs, even
for DIFFERENT_CUSTOMERS, can be distributed in one batch. some jobs are
scheduled to MINIMIZE_TOTAL_TARDINESS while TOTAL_DISTRIBUTION_COST must
be minimized. a mixed LINEAR_INTEGER programming formulation is proposed.
due to the COMPLEXITY of the problem, a novel multi_objective based on
DECOMPOSITION which has been combined with BEES_ALGORITHM is developed to
achieve PARETO_SOLUTIONS. two LOCAL_SEARCHES have been used to improve
the SOLUTIONS. to evaluate the ALGORITHM, ITS PERFORMANCE has been
compared with three well_known ALGORITHMS in the literature. the results
of the STUDY_SHOW that the proposed ALGORITHM_OUTPERFORMS the other
tested ALGORITHMS.  2018 elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 228
Citations: 36
Record-ID: Giret A., 2018, SUSTAINABILITY, V10
Title: a CROWDSOURCING approach for sustainable last MILE_DELIVERY
Abstract:
```
SUSTAINABLE_TRANSPORTATION is one of the major concerns in cities. this
CONCERN_INVOLVES all type of movements motivated by DIFFERENT_GOALS
(MOBILITY of citizens, TRANSPORTATION of goods and parcels, etc.). the
MAIN_GOAL of this work is to provide an INTELLIGENT_APPROACH for
sustainable last MILE_DELIVERY, by reducing (or even deleting) the need
of dedicated logistic moves (by cars, and/or TRUCKS). the METHOD_ATTEMPTS
to reduce the number of movements originated by the PARCELS_DELIVERY by
taking advantage of the citizens' movements. in this way our proposal
follows a CROWDSOURCING approach, in which the citizens that moves in the
CITY, because of their OWN_NEEDS, become TEMPORAL_DELIVERERS. the
TECHNOLOGY behind our APPROACH_RELAYS on multi_agent SYSTEM techniques
and complex network_based ALGORITHMS for optimizing
SUSTAINABLE_DELIVERY_ROUTES. these ARTIFICIAL_INTELLIGENT_APPROACHES help
to reduce the COMPLEXITY of the scenario providing an EFFICIENT_WAY to
integrate the citizens' routes that can be executed using the
DIFFERENT_TRANSPORTATION means and NETWORKS available in the CITY
(PUBLIC_SYSTEM, PRIVATE_TRANSPORTATION, eco_vehicles SHARING systems,
etc.). a complex network_based ALGORITHM is used for computing and
proposing an optimized sustainable last MILE_DELIVERY_ROUTE to the crowd.
moreover, the executed tests show the feasibility of the proposed
solution, together with a HIGH_REDUCTION of the CO2_EMISSION coming from
the DELIVERY_TRUCKS that, in the CASE_STUDIES, are no longer needed for
delivery.  2018 by the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 460
Citations: 33
Record-ID: Wang G./3, 2014, INF SCI, V282, P1
Title: a HYBRID MULTI_AGENT NEGOTIATION_PROTOCOL supporting AGENT_MOBILITY in
VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISES
Abstract:
```
it is a growing trend for SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS to collaborate in a
VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISE (ve). as VE_MEMBERS are usually geographically
dispersed and they have to cooperate and negotiate to achieve
MUTUAL_AGREEMENTS, the distributive multi_agent systems (MAS) are being
increasingly adopted for VE_IMPLEMENTATION. to cope with the
FLEXIBILITY_REQUIREMENTS of ve, a NEW_MAS_ARCHITECTURE is proposed in
this paper. in this MAS, the VE_INITIATOR can be represented by either
stationary or MOBILE_AGENTS to negotiate with VE_PARTNERS. as there is
not a mobile agent_based NEGOTIATION_SCHEME considering both the
NEGOTIATION_EFFECTIVENESS and SYSTEM_SECURITY, a HYBRID multi_agent
NEGOTIATION_PROTOCOL is established in this paper to tackle this problem.
this HYBRID_PROTOCOL_INCORPORATES both the stationary and
MOBILE_AGENT_NEGOTIATION_PHASES to compose a more efficient and
SUCCESSFUL_MULTILATERAL_AGENT_INTERACTION_REGULATION. in this
NEGOTIATION_PROCESS, mobile agent_based NEGOTIATION is first initiated,
it will then switch to stationary agent_based NEGOTIATION when
MOBILE_AGENT_MIGRATION is rejected or INTERACTION is blocked in the
REMOTE_HOST. besides, the ontology_based approach is adopted in the MAS
and an embedding ONTOLOGY_OPERATION_PROTOCOL is established to refine the
KNOWLEDGE_EXPRESSION_PATTERN in the AGENT_NEGOTIATION_PROCESS. the
validity and EFFICIENCY of the PROTOCOL are verified through the
execution of a HYPOTHETICAL_VE_NEGOTIATION_CASE.  2014 ELSEVIER_INC. all
rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 234
Citations: 28
Record-ID: Aminzadegan S., 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V137
Title: MULTI_AGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM by considering
RESOURCE_ALLOCATION and TRANSPORTATION
Abstract:
```
today in the GLOBAL_MARKET_COMPETITION, INTEGRATION_ISSUE in SUPPLY_CHAIN
is considered as an IMPORTANT_PRINCIPLE. in this study, for the first
time, DIFFERENT_REQUIREMENTS of the CUSTOMERS and DIFFERENT_AIMS of the
manufacturer are simultaneously addressed in an integrated problem of
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING, TRANSPORTATION, and RESOURCE_ALLOCATION. the
problem consists of two types of CUSTOMERS, considered as the AGENTS. the
first AGENT_ACCEPTS_TARDINESS in delivery of orders provided that the
manufacturer pays the TARDINESS_PENALTY; whereas, the second AGENT does
not accept the TARDY_ORDERS. the purpose is to minimize the sum of
BATCH_DELIVERY_COST, RESOURCE_ALLOCATION, TARDINESS_PENALTY_COST, and
lost SALE_COST (the TOTAL_NUMBER of TARDY_ORDERS). to solve the problem,
two MATHEMATICAL_PROGRAMMING MODELS, including a mixed integer non_linear
programming (minlp) and a mixed INTEGER_LINEAR programming (MILP) are
proposed. also, due to np_hard nature of the problem, two meta_heuristic
ALGORITHMS of ADAPTIVE_GENETIC_ALGORITHM (aga) and ANT_LION_OPTIMIZATION
(alo), as well as a HEURISTIC_ALGORITHM are proposed. to assess the
merits of the SOLUTION_METHODS, small and large_scale tests are designed.
the results indicate the superiority of ADAPTIVE_GENETIC_ALGORITHM in
comparison with other ALGORITHMS.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 381
Citations: 20
Record-ID: Krejci C.C., 2015, JASSS, V18, P1
Title: impacts of FARMER_COORDINATION_DECISIONS on food SUPPLY_CHAIN_STRUCTURE
Abstract:
```
to increase PROFITABILITY, farmers often decide to form
STRATEGIC_PARTNERSHIPS with other farmers, pooling their RESOURCES and
OUTPUTS for greater EFFICIENCY and scale. these COORDINATION_DECISIONS
can have far_reaching and COMPLEX_IMPLICATIONS for OVERALL_FOOD
SUPPLY_CHAIN structural EMERGENCE, which in TURN_IMPACTS_SYSTEM_OUTCOMES
and long_term SUSTAINABILITY. in this paper, we describe an agent_based
MODEL that explores the impacts of FARMER_COORDINATION_DECISIONS on the
DEVELOPMENT of food SUPPLY_CHAIN_STRUCTURE over time. this MODEL_FOCUSES
on one type of COORDINATION_MECHANISM_IMPLEMENTATION_METHOD, in which
coordinated FARMER_GROUPS produce a single CROP_TYPE and combine their
yields to achieve economies of scale. the FARMER_AGENTS' decisions to
coordinate with one another depend on their EVALUATION of the tradeoff
between their AUTONOMY and the expected ECONOMIC_BENEFITS of
COORDINATION. each COORDINATION_DECISION is a BILATERAL_PROCESS in which
the terms of GROUP_REWARD SHARING are negotiated. we capture the effects
of farmers' size, income, and AUTONOMY_PREMIA, as well as volume_price
relationships and group profit_sharing RULES, on the rate of
FARMER_COORDINATION and the number and size of groups that form. results
indicate that under many conditions, COORDINATION_GROUPS tend to
consolidate over time, which SUGGESTS_IMPLICATIONS for overall
SUPPLY_CHAIN structural RESILIENCE.  jasss.
```

--

Record-No: 316
Citations: 17
Record-ID: Fernández E., 2015, COMPUT IND, V70, P89
Title: AGENT based MONITORING service for MANAGEMENT of DISRUPTIVE_EVENTS in
SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
schedules of SUPPLY_CHAINS are generated with buffers to absorb the
effect of DISRUPTIVE_EVENTS that could occur during their execution.
schedules can be systematically repaired through SPECIFIC_MODIFICATIONS
within buffers by using APPROPRIATE_DECISION_MODELS that consider the
distributed nature of a SUPPLY_CHAIN. to this aim, information of
DISRUPTIVE_EVENTS at occurrence or in advance allows DECISION_MODELS to
make better decisions. to detect and predict DISRUPTIVE_EVENTS along a
SCHEDULE_EXECUTION, a service_oriented MONITORING subsystem that uses a
REFERENCE_MODEL for defining MONITORING MODELS was proposed. this
subsystem offers services for collecting EXECUTION_DATA of a SCHEDULE and
ENVIRONMENT_DATA, and assessing them to detect/anticipate
DISRUPTIVE_EVENTS. because of the distributed nature and the COMPLEXITY
of these SERVICES_FUNCTIONALITIES, this paper presents an agent_based
approach for their implementation. this TECHNOLOGY allows dealing with
SUPPLY_CHAIN MONITORING by structuring MONITORING
SUBSYSTEM_FUNCTIONALITIES as a set of AUTONOMOUS_ENTITIES. these entities
are able to perform tailored plans created at EXECUTION_TIME to
concurrently monitor DIFFERENT_SCHEDULES. a CASE_STUDY is described to
try out the implemented PROTOTYPE_SYSTEM.  2015 elsevier b.v. all rights
reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 111
Citations: 12
Record-ID: Matsuda M., 2020, PROCEDIA CIRP, V93, P688
Title: CONSTRUCTION of a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN using ENTERPRISE_E_CATALOGUES
Abstract:
```
a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN is constructed based on the concept of
SMART_MANUFACTURING which is a network of COLLABORATIVE and
DYNAMIC_FACTORIES based on the cps (cyber PHYSICAL_SYSTEM) paradigm. on a
virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN, it is expected that a simulation_based
OPTIMIZATION_COPES with SUPPLY_CHAIN PLANNING and CONTROL. in this paper,
it is proposed that a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN is constructed as a
multi_agent SYSTEM of SOFTWARE_AGENTS which are AUTOMATICALLY_GENERATED
from each selected ENTERPRISE_MODEL in the e_catalogue. manufacturer,
RETAILER and supplier e_catalogues, and an AUTOMATIC_CONSTRUCTION_SYSTEM
of a virtual SUPPLY_CHAIN are implemented as a trial.  2020 the authors.
```

--

Record-No: 277
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Hsieh F.-S., 2019, J IND ENG INT, V15, P249
Title: DYNAMIC_CONFIGURATION and COLLABORATIVE_SCHEDULING in SUPPLY_CHAINS based
on scalable MULTI_AGENT_ARCHITECTURE
Abstract:
```
due to diversified and frequently changing demands from CUSTOMERS,
TECHNOLOGICAL_ADVANCES and GLOBAL_COMPETITION, MANUFACTURERS rely on
COLLABORATION with their BUSINESS_PARTNERS to share COSTS, RISKS and
expertise. how to take advantage of advancement of technologies to
effectively SUPPORT_OPERATIONS and create COMPETITIVE_ADVANTAGE is
critical for MANUFACTURERS to survive. to respond to these challenges,
DEVELOPMENT of a DYNAMIC_SCHEME to better MANAGE_COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOWS
is urgent. in this paper, we will study how to develop a flexible and
SCALABLE_FRAMEWORK to dynamically and coherently CONFIGURE_WORKFLOWS that
can meet ORDER_REQUIREMENTS based on multi_agent systems (MAS).
configuring and SCHEDULING_COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOWS is a
CHALLENGING_PROBLEM due to the COMPUTATIONAL_COMPLEXITY involved,
distributed ARCHITECTURE and DEPENDENCY among
DIFFERENT_PARTNERS_WORKFLOWS. to achieve FLEXIBILITY and reduce the COST
and time involved in CONFIGURATION of a SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORK, we propose
an approach that combines MAS, CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL, WORKFLOW_MODELS and
automated transformation of the WORKFLOW_MODELS to dynamically formulate
the SCHEDULING_PROBLEM. to ATTAIN_SCALABILITY, we develop a
SOLUTION_ALGORITHM to solve the OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEM by a COLLABORATIVE
and distributed COMPUTATION_SCHEME. we implement a SOFTWARE_SYSTEM based
on INDUSTRIAL_STANDARDS, including fipa and the
PETRI_NET_WORKFLOW_SPECIFICATION_MODEL. in addition, we also illustrate
effectiveness and ANALYZE_SCALABILITY of our approach by examples. our
APPROACH_FACILITATES_COLLABORATION between partners and provides a
SCALABLE_SOLUTION for the increasing size of SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS.
2018, the author(s).
```

--

Record-No: 233
Citations: 11
Record-ID: Gharaei A., 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V136, P504
Title: a branch and PRICE_APPROACH to the two AGENT integrated PRODUCTION and
DISTRIBUTION_SCHEDULING
Abstract:
```
the INTEGRATION and COORDINATION of decisions is one of the
NEW_APPROACHES in the SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENVIRONMENT. the
PROPER_ORDERS_SCHEDULING and DISTRIBUTION_STRATEGY of FINAL_PRODUCTS are
two KEY_FACTORS in this INTEGRATION. here, an integrated
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING and DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM with ROUTING_DECISIONS is
discussed in a multi_site SUPPLY_CHAIN. this problem has been
investigated from a multi_agent perspective in which CUSTOMERS sets, as
AGENTS, want to optimize a SPECIFIC_OBJECTIVE on his OWN_SET of orders. a
mixed INTEGER_LINEAR programming (MILP) formulation is developed for this
problem. due to the COMPLEXITY, it is not logical to solve the problem in
a STRAIGHTFORWARD_WAY such as COMMERCIAL_SOLVERS. hence, a branch and
PRICE_FRAMEWORK is introduced in which a BEES_ALGORITHM (ba) is used to
construct INITIAL_COLUMNS. VARIOUS_COMPUTATIONAL_EXPERIMENTS are
conducted to evaluate the EFFICIENCY of the proposed approach. the
results show that the proposed ALGORITHM is superior to the standalone
branch and PRICE_ALGORITHM and MILP_SOLVER in terms of COMPUTATION_TIMES
and gap.  2019 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 166
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Gharaei A., 2021, INT TRANS OPER RES, V28, P2139
Title: an ERNSGA_III ALGORITHM for the PRODUCTION and
DISTRIBUTION_PLANNING_PROBLEM in the MULTIAGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN
Abstract:
```
nowadays, NEW_ISSUES have been emerged in INDUSTRY by increasing the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_BOUNDARIES, especially when some SUPPLY_CHAIN_MEMBERS seek
their OWN_INTERESTS. in the literature, this case is referred to as a
MULTIAGENT_PROBLEM in which each AGENT has his/her OWN_SET of jobs and
objectives. here, an integrated PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING and
DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM in a multisite SUPPLY_CHAIN is investigated from the
three_agent perspective of the manufacturer, distributor, and customer.
due to the COMPLEXITY of the problem, a novel evolutionary_based
REFERENCE_POINT_DETERMINATION of the third version of the non_dominated
sorting GENETIC_ALGORITHM (ernsga_iii) is proposed. in this ALGORITHM,
some modifications to the CLASSIC_VERSION of nsga_iii have been made and
a NOVEL_REFERENCE_POINT_DETERMINATION_METHOD based on BEES_ALGORITHM is
used in the SELECTION_OPERATION. some STATISTICAL_TESTS are performed to
compare the proposed ALGORITHM with three other ALGORITHMS in the
literature. the results show that the proposed ALGORITHM is more
effective than other ALGORITHMS.  2019 the authors.
INTERNATIONAL_TRANSACTIONS in OPERATIONAL_RESEARCH  2019
INTERNATIONAL_FEDERATION of OPERATIONAL_RESEARCH_SOCIETIES
```

--

Record-No: 376
Citations: 10
Record-ID: Wisetjindawat W., 2017, TRANSP RES PROCEDIA, V25, P1198
Title: analysing impacts of NATURAL_DISASTERS on LOGISTICS_ACTIVITIES:
FLOOD_RISKS and PETROLEUM_FUELS in queensland, australia
Abstract:
```
NATURAL_HAZARDS cause much damage to lives, assets, and the ECONOMY as a
whole. the FUNCTIONAL_DISCONTINUITY of businesses impacted by a
NATURAL_DISASTER has a DIRECT_IMPACT on affected community'S quality of
live. in regional and REMOTE_COMMUNITIES_PETROLEUM FUELS are an
ESSENTIAL_COMMODITY, particularly in post_disaster situations, given the
SUPPLY_CHAINS of many other commodities are dependent on fuel SUPPLY. the
aim of this study was to develop a framework and use it to
ANALYSE_PETROLEUM SUPPLY to communities affected by FLOODING across
queensland, australia. the intent was to assist INDUSTRY_PARTNERS in
identifying VULNERABLE_LOCALITIES and to DEVELOPMENT_METHODS for
application to other commodities. the approach focused on both the DEMAND
and SUPPLY side and used socio_spatial datasets, TRANSPORT and
COMMODITY_DATA. a multi_agent MODEL was developed to represent the
situation of PETROLEUM_FUEL SUPPLY_CHAIN before and after a
DISASTER_EVENT. the RESULTS_IDENTIFY both the BROAD_SWEEP of
VULNERABLE_LOCATIONS in KEY_REGIONS in queensland as well as
PARTICULAR_ISSUES for communities in CAPE_YORK in far north queensland.
the approach proved viable, despite the limitations of publically
AVAILABLE_COMMODITY_DATASETS in australia, and should therefore be of
assistance to POLICY_MAKERS elsewhere seeking to
IDENTIFY_SYSTEM_VULNERABILITIES and INCREASE_RESILIENCE.  2017 the
author(s). published by elsevier b.v.
```

--

Record-No: 403
Citations: 10
Record-ID: El Yasmine A.S.L., 2014, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V544, P145
Title: SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT using MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS in the agri
FOOD_INDUSTRY
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_FOCUSES on multi_agent systems (MAS) applied to
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) in the agri_food INDUSTRY. the SUPPLY_CHAIN
(SC) analysed includes the SUPPLIERS, MANUFACTURERS and
DISTRIBUTION_CENTRES, considering that orders are sent by clients to the
DISTRIBUTION_CENTRES. many ORIGINAL_CONSTRAINTS, such as the capacity of
the SUPPLIERS and the MANUFACTURERS as well as balancing stocks, are
supported in our contribution. our proposal also considers some
PRACTICAL_ISSUES in agri_food SCM, such as EXPIRY_DATES. the aim of our
method is to find a near_optimal solution that MINIMIZES_COSTS and time
throughout the SC_PROCESS, whilst favouring REACTIVITY. an
AUML_MODEL_SHOWS the functioning of the MAS in the SC. the results
obtained regarding duration and COSTS related to the execution of
CLIENT_ORDERS were compared with those obtained using a HEURISTIC that
solves the OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEM in the DYNAMIC_CASE, and a
MATHEMATICAL_MODEL in the STATIC_CASE.  2014 springer international
publishing switzerland.
```

--

Record-No: 200
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Gharaei A., 2021, OPER RES, V21, P2333
Title: a PARETO_APPROACH for the MULTI_FACTORY SUPPLY_CHAIN SCHEDULING and
DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
integrated decisions in the SUPPLY_CHAIN are one of the most
ATTRACTIVE_TOPICS for researchers. but to get closer to the real_world
problems, other REAL_ASSUMPTIONS should be considered. one of these
assumptions is the multi_agent view in which several sets of CUSTOMERS or
AGENTS with their OWN_OBJECTIVE compete with each other to acquire the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_RESOURCES. here, an integrated
SUPPLY_CHAIN_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM along with the
BATCH_DELIVERY_CONSIDERATION in a series multi_factory ENVIRONMENT is
investigated and the ROUTING_DECISIONS among CUSTOMERS are considered. a
MATHEMATICAL_MODEL is presented for this problem. due to the COMPLEXITY,
a NOVEL_ANT_COLONY_OPTIMIZATION_ALGORITHM is developed to obtain
PARETO_SOLUTIONS. also, a SIMULATED_ANNEALING based LOCAL_SEARCH is used
to improve the quality of SOLUTIONS. the PERFORMANCE of the ALGORITHM is
compared with three well_known multi_objective ALGORITHMS. results show
the PROPER_PERFORMANCE of the proposed ALGORITHM compared to the other
ALGORITHMS.  2019, springer_verlag gmbh GERMANY, part of SPRINGER_NATURE.
```

--

Record-No: 294
Citations: 8
Record-ID: Fazlirad A., 2018, IEEE INT CONF AUTOM SCI ENG, V2018-August, P722
Title: MULTIAGENT MANUFACTURING SCHEDULING: an updated state of the ART_REVIEW
Abstract:
```
this paper is an updated REVIEW of the STATE_OF_THE_ART in distributed
MULTIAGENT based SCHEDULING as one element of INTELLIGENT_MANUFACTURING.
it re_examines the most relevant PREVIOUS_REVIEWS and details open
RESEARCH_QUESTIONS and directions proposed by other researchers. it
highlights some of the RECENT_PUBLICATIONS in MULTIAGENT based SCHEDULING
in terms of these previously identified RESEARCH_AREAS and questions. the
paper is concluded by outlining the extent to which
RECENT_LITERATURE_ADDRESSES these areas to provide directions for
FUTURE_WORK.  2018 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 338
Citations: 7
Record-ID: Kazemi A., 2017, INT J OPER RES, V28, P506
Title: a HYBRID_SEARCH_APPROACH in PRODUCTION DISTRIBUTION_PLANNING_PROBLEM in
SUPPLY_CHAIN using MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
the production_distribution PLANNING is one of the most
IMPORTANT_APPROACHES to support GLOBAL_OPTIMISATION in
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM), and should be solved within the
INTEGRATED_STRUCTURE. the production_distribution PLANNING_PROBLEM (pdpp)
involves the determination of the best CONFIGURATION regarding LOCATION,
size, TECHNOLOGY_CONTENT and PRODUCT_RANGE to achieve the firm'S
long_term GOALS. on the other hand, teams of AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS (ATEAMS),
cooperating by SHARING SOLUTIONS through a COMMON_MEMORY, have been
proposed as a means of solving COMBINATORIAL_OPTIMISATION_PROBLEMS. in
this paper a HYBRID_SEARCH_APPROACH is presented using an agent_based
SYSTEM by considering ATEAMS_CONCEPT for solving the pdpp. for this
purpose, three ALGORITHMS are provided to solve the pdpp:
GENETIC_ALGORITHM (GA), TABU_SEARCH (ts) and SIMULATED_ANNEALING (sa).
then we combine these ALGORITHMS using a multi_agent SYSTEM and an
integrated SOLUTION_ALGORITHM is proposed. finally, the proposed approach
is compared against LINGO_SOFTWARE. the obtained results reveal that the
use of multi_agent SYSTEM delivers better SOLUTIONS to us. copyright
2017 INDERSCIENCE_ENTERPRISES_LTD.
```

--

Record-No: 335
Citations: 6
Record-ID: Garcia E., 2016, ENTERP INF SYST, V10, P303
Title: designing normative OPEN_VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISES
Abstract:
```
there is an increasing interest on developing VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISES in
order to deal with the globalisation of the ECONOMY, the RAPID_GROWTH of
INFORMATION_TECHNOLOGIES and the increase of COMPETITIVENESS. in this
paper we deal with the DEVELOPMENT of normative OPEN_VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISES
(noves). they are systems with a GLOBAL_OBJECTIVE that are composed of a
set of HETEROGENEOUS_ENTITIES and ENTERPRISES that EXCHANGE_SERVICES
following a SPECIFIC_NORMATIVE_CONTEXT. in order to analyse and
DESIGN_SYSTEMS of this kind the multi_agent paradigm seems suitable
because it offers a SPECIFIC_SOLUTION for supporting the social and
CONTRACTUAL_RELATIONSHIPS between ENTERPRISES and for formalising their
BUSINESS_PROCESSES. this paper presents how the regulated open
multi_agent systems (romas) METHODOLOGY, an agent_oriented
SOFTWARE_METHODOLOGY, can be used to analyse and DESIGN_NOVES. romas
offers a COMPLETE_DEVELOPMENT_PROCESS that allows identifying and
formalising of the structure of noves, their NORMATIVE_CONTEXT and the
INTERACTIONS among their members. the use of romas is exemplified by
means of a CASE_STUDY that represents an automotive SUPPLY_CHAIN.  2015
taylor & francis.
```

--

Record-No: 152
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Achatbi I., 2020, DECIS SCI LETT, V9, P337
Title: advanced SYSTEM based on ONTOLOGY and MULTI_AGENT_TECHNOLOGY to handle
upstream SUPPLY_CHAIN: INTELLIGENT_NEGOTIATION_PROTOCOL for supplier and
TRANSPORTATION_PROVIDER_SELECTION
Abstract:
```
in the existing MARKET, COMPANIES confront a FIERCE_COMPETITION, so the
need for new and EFFICIENT_PROCESS for SUPPLY_CHAIN has become
necessarily important. to this end, SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT among
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM is proposed for addressing the selection and
EVALUATION_PROCESS related to the INBOUND_LOGISTICS. however, most of
RECENT_SYSTEMS deal solely with the NEGOTIATION including the selection
of one or MULTIPLE_SUPPLIERS, without supporting the
TRANSPORTATION_PROVIDER_SELECTION simultaneously and consider it as
DECISION_CRITERION that affect the FINAL_CHOICE of COOPERATIVE_SUPPLIERS.
as part of win_win NEGOTIATION, ACTIVE_SUPPLIER_INVOLVEMENT can
ENHANCE_EFFICIENCY and effectiveness of SUPPLY_CHAIN. then again,
TRANSPORT_COST_CONSTITUTES the most IMPORTANT_FACTOR in the third of the
TOTAL_OPERATIONAL_COSTS of a SUPPLY_CHAIN. to face this challenge, a
NEW_FORM of SUPPLIER_SELECTION including
TRANSPORTATION_PROVIDER_SELECTION is proposed. for this purpose, we
present a multi_issue DECISION PROTOCOL based on ONTOLOGY to support the
NEGOTIATION between UPSTREAM_NODES of SUPPLY_CHAIN in the proposed
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM. furthermore, the automated multi_criteria
ANALYSIS_MODEL based on combined ANALYTICAL_HIERARCHY_PROCESS (AHP) and
TOPSIS is judged helpful for decision_makers to make QUICK_DECISION with
less HUMAN_INTERACTIONS.  2020 by the authors; licensee growing science,
canada.
```

--

Record-No: 379
Citations: 5
Record-ID: Padmavathi S., 2016, INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG TECHNOL SCI ICETETS PROC
Title: MULTI_AGENT_FRAMEWORK for CLOUD_SERVICE_COMPOSITION
Abstract:
```
CLOUD_SERVICE_COMPOSITION is required when single CLOUD_SERVICE cannot
satisfy all requirements of the user. CLOUD_SERVICE_COMPOSITION presents
an EFFICIENT_MANAGERIAL, on_demand and SCALABLE_WAY to integrate
COMPUTATIONAL_RESOURCES (HARDWARE, platform, and software). it includes
several tasks such as discovery, selection, and deployment of the
services. in this paper, an AGENT based approach for
CLOUD_SERVICE_NEGOTIATION is proposed. AGENT based TECHNOLOGY has hailed
as a NEW_PARADIGM for implementing SOFTWARE_AGENTS. SOFTWARE_AGENTS are
AUTONOMOUS_ENTITIES which act on behalf of user across open and
DISTRIBUTED_ENVIRONMENTS. a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for
CLOUD_SERVICE_COMPOSITION makes use of a market_oriented approach which
would regulate DEMAND and SUPPLY_CHAIN. this WORK_INVOLVES creating
SERVICE_PROVIDER_AGENTS and CONSUMER_AGENTS. the RESOURCES offered by the
SERVICE_PROVIDERS are created as VIRTUAL_MACHINES in cloud that would be
mapped to the consumers. the CONSUMER_AGENT gets the input from the user
and finds the best SERVICE_PROVIDERS who satisfy the consumer'S
constraints. CONSUMER_AGENT further establishes a NEGOTIATION between
these SERVICE_PROVIDERS and purchases the CLOUD_SERVICES for MARKET
FAVORABLE_COST. the consumer and SERVICE_PROVIDER_AGENTS_COMMUNICATE
using CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL, which is a task_sharing PROTOCOL in
multi_agent SYSTEM. the WORKFLOW_ARCHITECTURE of this
FRAMEWORK_INVOLVES_INTERACTION and NEGOTIATION of the consumer and
SERVICE_PROVIDER_AGENTS. also, a MATHEMATICAL_MODEL has been proposed to
support market_driven approach in CLOUD_COMMERCE.  2016 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 4
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Nitsche B., 2023, SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGE, V28, P894
Title: the impact of MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS on AUTONOMOUS_PRODUCTION and
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS: use cases, barriers and contributions to
LOGISTICS_NETWORK_RESILIENCE
Abstract:
```
purpose: academics and practitioners have long acknowledged the potential
of MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS (MAS) to automate and autonomize decision_making in
LOGISTICS and SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS. despite the manifold promises of
MAS, INDUSTRY_ADOPTION is lagging behind, and the EXACT_BENEFITS of these
systems remain unclear. this STUDY_AIMS to fill this KNOWLEDGE_GAP by
analyzing 11 SPECIFIC_MAS use cases, highlighting their benefits,
clarifying how they can help ENHANCE_LOGISTICS_NETWORK_RESILIENCE and
identifying existing barriers. DESIGN/METHODOLOGY/approach: a three_stage
DELPHI_STUDY was conducted with 18 INDUSTRY_EXPERTS. in the first round,
these experts identified 11 use cases of MAS and their
POTENTIAL_BENEFITS, as well as any barriers that could hinder their
adoption. in the second round, they assessed the identified use cases
with regard to their potential to ENHANCE_LOGISTICS_NETWORK_RESILIENCE
and improve ORGANIZATIONAL_PRODUCTIVITY. furthermore, they estimated the
COMPLEXITY of MAS_IMPLEMENTATION. in the third round, the experts
reassessed their evaluations in light of the evaluations of the other
STUDY_PARTICIPANTS. findings: this study proposes 11 SPECIFIC_MAS use
cases and illustrates their potential for increasing
LOGISTICS_NETWORK_RESILIENCE and enhancing ORGANIZATIONAL_PERFORMANCE due
to autonomous decision_making in INFORMATIONAL_PROCESSES. furthermore,
this STUDY_DISCUSSES IMPORTANT_BARRIERS for MAS, such as lack of
STANDARDIZATION, INSUFFICIENT_TECHNOLOGICAL_MATURITY, soaring COSTS,
complex CHANGE_MANAGEMENT and a lack of existing use cases. from a
THEORETICAL_PERSPECTIVE, it is shown how MAS can contribute to
RESILIENCE_RESEARCH in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. PRACTICAL_IMPLICATIONS:
the IDENTIFICATION and assessment of DIVERSE_MAS use
CASES_INFORMS_MANAGERS about the potential of this TECHNOLOGY and the
barriers that need to be overcome. originality/value: this STUDY_FILLS a
gap in the literature by providing a thorough and up_to_date assessment
of the potential of MAS for LOGISTICS and SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. to the
best of the AUTHORS_KNOWLEDGE, this is the first study to investigate the
relevance of MAS for LOGISTICS_NETWORK_RESILIENCE using the
DELPHI_METHOD.  2023, emerald publishing limited.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 40
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Mandal J., 2024, INT J PROD RES, V62, P3044
Title: a MULTI_AGENT_FRAMEWORK for CONTAINER_BOOKING and SLOT_ALLOCATION in
MARITIME_SHIPPING
Abstract:
```
DIGITALIZATION is constantly altering COMPANY_PARADIGMS and expanding
cross_border SUPPLY_CHAIN prospects. MARITIME_TRANSPORTATION_PLAYS an
increasingly ESSENTIAL_PART in the global SUPPLY_NETWORK. since
MARITIME_SHIPPING_SERVICES_NEED to exchange a HUGE_NUMBER of papers and
paperwork across NUMEROUS_COMPANIES, the usage of a unified platform for
inter_organisational COMMUNICATION and INFORMATION_SHARING is required.
to develop an integrative, adaptive, and INTELLIGENT_CONTAINER booking
SYSTEM, a multi_agent ARCHITECTURE is designed in this ARTICLE. the
proposed ARCHITECTURE will aid the MARITIME_INDUSTRY in establishing
real_time information interchange between AUTONOMOUS_AGENTS, shippers,
FREIGHT_FORWARDERS, and SHIPPING_LINES. the PROCESS outlined in this
PAPER_REVEALS how the AGENTS_COMMUNICATE with one another to resolve
underlying inconsistencies. with the multi_agent framework, the ARTICLE
also presents a CONTAINER_SLOT_OPTIMISATION_PROBLEM considering
MARKET_SEGMENTATION, different booking periods, HETEROGENEOUS_CONTAINERS
and PORT_CONGESTION_SCENARIOS. using this MODEL the MANAGERS can find the
booking limit for each type of CONTAINERS and accordingly they can accept
or reject the incoming booking requests. furthermore, a simulated
CASE_STUDY is also provided to validate the MODEL.  2022 INFORMA_UK
limited, trading as taylor & FRANCIS_GROUP.
```

--

Record-No: 163
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Rezaei S., 2022, J CLEAN PROD, V333
Title: competitive PLANNING of partnership SUPPLY_NETWORKS focusing on
sustainable MULTI_AGENT TRANSPORTATION and VIRTUAL_ALLIANCE: a
MATHEURISTIC_APPROACH
Abstract:
```
the partnership SUPPLY of MARKET_NEEDS is one of the most regarded
orientations in RECENT_YEARS. in this paper, a COMPETITIVE_MODEL is
designed in partnership SUPPLY_NETWORKS including PARENT_FIRMS (brands),
MANUFACTURING PLANTS, GOVERNMENTAL_LOGISTICS_COMPANY and franchised
stores. in the raised scheme, the involved SUPPLY_NETWORKS seek to
develop their upstream and downstream partnerships (respectively with
MANUFACTURING PLANTS and franchised stores) in a COMPETITIVE_ENVIRONMENT.
besides this cross_network COMPETITION, the downstream partners of each
network develop some VIRTUAL_ALLIANCES. in SUCH_ALLIANCES, each of the
involved members, further pursuing ITS OWN_INTERESTS, aims to increase
the OVERALL_SHARE of the PARENT_BRAND. even more striking, a multi_agent
TRANSPORTATION platform is implemented in the DISTRIBUTION of products to
meet the ENVIRONMENTAL_SUSTAINABILITY_REQUIREMENTS. the state_owned
LOGISTICS_COMPANY, as the MARKET_LEADER of the cited distributed
structure, dictates ITS STRATEGY to the SUPPLY_NETWORKS seeking to gain
the most POSSIBLE_PARTNERSHIP_INTERACTIONS. hence, in this paper, a
multi_level competition_oriented problem is considered in the partnership
SUPPLY_NETWORKS and formulated upon MULTIPLE_HIERARCHICAL_STAGES. due to
the np_hardness of the problem and given ITS structural features, a
MATHEURISTIC_APPROACH based on a combination of the
BENDERS_DECOMPOSITION_METHOD and PARTICLE_SWARM_OPTIMIZATION_ALGORITHM is
developed. the proposed solving approach is compared against a
gaming_based HEURISTIC and also a PURE_BENDERS_DECOMPOSITION. the results
of the evaluations indicate the superiority of the suggested
HYBRID_APPROACH, especially in large_scale instances.  2021 ELSEVIER_LTD
```

--

Record-No: 454
Citations: 4
Record-ID: Hsieh F.-S., 2014, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT SUPPORTED COOPER WORK DES
CSCWD, P71
Title: a MULTIAGENT_APPROACH for managing COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOWS in
SUPPLY_CHAINS
Abstract:
```
due to sophisticated and frequently changing demands from CUSTOMERS,
GLOBAL_COMPETITION and TECHNOLOGICAL_ADVANCES, the next generation
advanced MANUFACTURING technologies will rely on COOPERATION and
COLLABORATION of BUSINESS_PARTNERS to share COSTS, RISKS and expertise as
no single company has all the expertise needed. to respond to these
challenges, DEVELOPMENT of an EFFECTIVE_SCHEME for managing
COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOWS is required. in this paper, we propose a
framework to achieve coherent and CONSISTENT_WORKFLOWS that can meet
ORDER_REQUIREMENTS based on multi_agent systems (MAS).
SCHEDULING_COLLABORATIVE_WORKFLOW is a CHALLENGING_PROBLEM due to the
COMPUTATIONAL_COMPLEXITY involved, distributed ARCHITECTURE and
DEPENDENCY of DIFFERENT_PARTNERS' workflows. we propose an approach that
combines MAS, CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL, WORKFLOW_MODELS and
OPTIMIZATION_THEORIES. we have implemented a PROTOTYPE_SYSTEM based on
INDUSTRIAL_STANDARDS, including fipa and the
PETRI_NET_WORKFLOW_SPECIFICATION_MODEL. our SOLUTION_ALGORITHM has been
developed based on transformation of the WORKFLOW_MODEL to
OPTIMIZATION_MODELS to find the SOLUTIONS.  2014 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 1
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Dharmapriya S., 2022, IEEE TRANS ENG MANAGE, V69, P2707
Title: MULTIAGENT_OPTIMIZATION_APPROACH to SUPPLY_NETWORK CONFIGURATION problems
with varied product MARKET profiles
Abstract:
```
this ARTICLE_DEMONSTRATES the application of a NOVEL_MULTIAGENT MODELING
approach to support SUPPLY_NETWORK CONFIGURATION (snc) decisions toward
addressing several challenges reported in the literature. these
challenges include: enhancing SUPPLY_NETWORK (sn)_level PERFORMANCE in
alignment with the GOALS of INDIVIDUAL_SN_ENTITIES; addressing the issue
of limited INFORMATION_SHARING between SN_ENTITIES; and sustaining
COMPETITIVENESS of sns in DYNAMIC_BUSINESS_ENVIRONMENTS. to this end, a
multistage, MULTIECHELON_SN consisting of geographically dispersed
SN_ENTITIES catering to distinct product_market profiles was modeled. in
MODELING the SNC_DECISION_PROBLEM, two types of AGENTS, each having
DISTINCT_ATTRIBUTES and FUNCTIONS, were used. the MODELING approach
incorporated a reverse_auctioning PROCESS to simulate the behavior of
SN_ENTITIES with differing INDIVIDUAL_GOALS collectively contributing to
enhance sn_level PERFORMANCE, by means of setting RESERVE_VALUES
generated through the application of a GENETIC_ALGORITHM. a set of
pareto_optimal sncs catering to distinct product_market profiles was
generated using nondominated sorting GENETIC_ALGORITHM_II. further
EVALUATION of these sncs against ADDITIONAL_CRITERIA, using a rule_based
approach, allowed the selection of the most APPROPRIATE_SNC to meet a
broader set of conditions. the MODEL was tested using a
REFRIGERATOR_SN_CASE_STUDY drawn from the literature. the results reveal
that a number of SNC_DECISIONS can be supported by the proposed MODEL, in
particular, identifying and evaluating ROBUST_SNS to suit varied
product_market profiles, enhancing SC_CAPABILITIES to withstand
DISRUPTIONS and developing contingencies to recover from DISRUPTIONS.
1988_2012 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 380
Citations: 3
Record-ID: Lange G., 2015, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT SCI ENG CSE JOINTLY IEEE INT
CONF UBIQUITOUS COMPUT COMMUN IUCC INT SYMP PERVASIVE SYST ALGORITHMS
NETWORKS ISPAN INT CONF FRONT COMPUT SCI TECHNOL FCST, P89
Title: MODELING WELL_SCHEDULING as a VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISE with INTELLIGENT_AGENTS
Abstract:
```
in today'S_INTENSIVE COMPETITIVE_ENVIRONMENT in the oil and GAS_INDUSTRY,
it is important to increase EFFICIENCY in PRODUCTION through
RESOURCE_MANAGEMENT and WELL_SCHEDULING (RESOURCE_SCHEDULING, for short).
however, RESOURCE_SCHEDULING has been a challenge for oil and
GAS_COMPANIES for many years because it is influenced by a number of
factors including ENVIRONMENT, regulations, STAKEHOLDERS, finances, the
MARKET, and approaches to determine and plan daily SCHEDULABLE_TASKS this
paper proposes a NEW_APPROACH to MODELING well SCHEDULING_PROCESSES in
oil and GAS_INDUSTRY using the notion of VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISE with
INTELLIGENT_AGENTS and CONTRACT_NET_PROTOCOL in
MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS_TECHNOLOGIES. this MODEL will LEAD to a flexible well
SCHEDULING_APPLICATION that will assist in the SCHEDULING of RESOURCES
across the well lifecycle. we show the effectiveness of the approach by
implementing an EXPERIMENTAL_SYSTEM and giving a CASE_STUDY.  2014 ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 310
Citations: 2
Record-ID: Wikarek J., 2016, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V616, P49
Title: a MULTI_LEVEL and MULTI_AGENT_APPROACH to MODELING and solving
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS
Abstract:
```
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS cover several aspects at DIFFERENT_LEVELS and
areas. there are DECISION on PRODUCTION_ALLOCATION, RESOURCE_ALLOCATION,
PRODUCTION and INVENTORY_QUANTITIES, DISTRIBUTOR_SELECTION, choice of
TRANSPORTATION_MODE_ETC. there are many constraints in the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS. they concern the following areas (PRODUCTION,
DISTRIBUTION, TRANSPORT, etc.) and types (linear, non_linear, integer,
logical, etc.). therefore it is important effective MODELING and solving
constraints. we consider a multi_level and multi_agent approach to
MODELING and solving SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS using constraint and
MATHEMATICAL_PROGRAMMING environments. ITS EFFICIENCY_RESULTS from the
multi_level presolving and multi_agent ARCHITECTURE. an
ILLUSTRATIVE_EXAMPLE presents effectiveness of the proposed approach. the
presented approach will be compared with CLASSICAL_MATHEMATICAL
programming on the same DATA_SETS.  springer international publishing
switzerland 2016.
```

--

Record-No: 136
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Kusuma P.D., 2021, INTL J ADV  COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P134
Title: TRUCK_SCHEDULING_MODEL in the CROSS_DOCKING terminal by using
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM and shortest remaining TIME_ALGORITHM
Abstract:
```
one most important and CRITICAL_PROBLEM in a cross_docking SYSTEM is
TRUCK_SCHEDULING. many studies in it assumed that the TEMPORARY_STORAGE
is unlimited which is in the REAL_WORLD, the TEMPORARY_STORAGE is
limited. many STUDIES_FOCUS on minimizing TOTAL_COMPLETION_TIME.
meanwhile, studies that focus on minimizing TEMPORARY_STORAGE are hard to
find, although this aspect is very important. due to ITS COMPLEXITY,
especially in the cross_docking SYSTEM with MULTIPRODUCT_CHARACTERISTICS,
MANUAL_SCHEDULING is almost impossible to achieve ITS GOALS. many studies
used several techniques, such as GENETIC_ALGORITHM (GA) and mixed
INTEGER_PROGRAMMING where these methods are computationally expensive.
based on this problem, in this work, we propose
NEW_TRUCK_SCHEDULING_MODEL in a cross_docking terminal with limited
TEMPORARY_STORAGE_CONSTRAINT. this MODEL is developed by using
multi_agent SYSTEM. the MAIN_CONTRIBUTION of this work is proposing the
multi_agent_based TRUCK_SCHEDULING_MODEL with limited
TEMPORARY_STORAGE_CAPACITY_CONSTRAINT and TEMPORARY_TRUCK_CHANGEOVER
permit. in it, there are three AGENTS: inbound_trucks SCHEDULER_AGENT,
outbound_trucks SCHEDULER_AGENT, and MATERIAL_HANDLER_AGENT. the
SHORTEST_REMAINING_TIME (srt) ALGORITHM is adopted in every AGENT. based
on the SIMULATION_RESULT, this proposed MODEL is proven competitive
compared with the existing fifo based MODELS and integer_programming
based MODEL. compared with the integer_programming MODEL, it creates 41.8
percent lower in MAXIMUM_INVENTORY_LEVEL. compared with the fifo based
MODEL, it creates 52.1 to 55.1 percent lower in MAXIMUM_INVENTORY_LEVEL.
in TOTAL_TIME_ASPECT, it creates 0.2 to 2.2 percent lower than the fifo
based MODEL. it creates 7.2 percent higher in TOTAL_TIME compared with
the integer_programming based MODEL.  2021. all rights reserved.
```

--

Record-No: 235
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Plinere D., 2019, ADV INF ELECTRON ELECTR ENG AIEEE PROC IEEE WORKSHOP,
V2019-November
Title: designing a MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for improving SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE
Abstract:
```
nowadays, the dynamically CHANGING_ENVIRONMENT requires a TIMELY_RESPONSE
to changes in the SUPPLY_CHAIN. the AUTHORS_FOCUS on a multi_agent SYSTEM
as an approach to improving SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE. SOFTWARE_AGENTS are
successfully applied in SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT tasks. AGENT_BEHAVIOUR is
defined according to the purpose of ITS DEVELOPMENT. multi_agent systems
can be used for DOMAIN_AREAS that include negotiations between
DIFFERENT_FIRMS or people with DIFFERENT_GOALS and
CONFIDENTIAL_INFORMATION available. SUPPLY_CHAIN can be represented by an
INTELLIGENT_AGENT set, where each AGENT is responsible for one or more
FUNCTIONS of the SUPPLY_CHAIN. existing multi_agent systems have shown
SUCCESSFUL_RESULTS, but these systems have always been developed for each
case individually, there is no any universal multi_agent SYSTEM. the
PAPER_DISCUSSES the DEVELOPMENT of a new multi_agent SYSTEM for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT. the paper provides a SEQUENCE_OF_ACTIONS for the
SYSTEM_DEVELOPMENT starting from discussing SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROCESSES and
tasks that represent behaviour of AGENTS. the authors also propose to
develop a multi_agent SYSTEM that can improve SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE
and PRESENT_PERFORMANCE_MEASUREMENT for the SYSTEM. the proposed
multi_agent SYSTEM provides DEMAND_FORECASTING, INVENTORY_MANAGEMENT and
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING aimed at improving the SUPPLY_CHAIN_PERFORMANCE.
2019 ieee.
```

--

Record-No: 296
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Tsarev A., 2019, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V11710 LNAI, P81
Title: MULTI_AGENT SUPPLY_PLANNING methods allowing the REAL_TIME PERFORMANCE of
the SUPPLY_NETWORK_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
the PAPER_DEALS with the questions of how to develop the automated
PLANNING systems that are fast enough to be used in real_time MANAGEMENT
of SUPPLY_NETWORKS, considering the MANUAL_PLAN_CORRECTIONS by the users.
several PRACTICAL_SITUATIONS and PLANNING SYSTEM_USE_CASES are
considered. the paper proposes several methods that allow the increase of
the DATA_PROCESSING_SPEED in PRACTICAL_CASES. the methods include
PARALLEL_DATA_PROCESSING, DYNAMIC_CONTROL of the
SOLUTIONS_SPACE_DEPTH_SEARCH, self_regulation of the SYSTEM_BEHAVIOR
based of the specifics of the data processed.  2019,
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 391
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Guang-Wen H., 2015, PROC INT CONF MEAS TECHNOL MECHATRONICS AUTOM ICMTMA,
P860
Title: RESEARCH on COOPERATIVE_METHOD of VIRTUAL_ENTERPRISE based on
RESOURCE_COOPERATION_SCHEDULING
Abstract:
```
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING_PROBLEM has always been a RESEARCH_FOCUS of
PEER_SCHOLARS both at home and abroad and RESEARCH on
PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING_MODELS under SUPPLY_CHAIN is becoming a HOT_SPOT of
further exploration. therefore, on this HOT_ISSUE, the PAPER_ESTABLISHES
a COLLABORATIVE_PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING_MODEL based on multi_agents and
DISCUSSES_TECHNIQUES and methods for each part to achieve
COLLABORATIVE_PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING. in addition,
SUPPLIER_SELECTION_PROCESS on the basis of multi_objective and
PRICE_NEGOTIATION is proposed and PRIMARY_PARTNER_SELECTION_METHOD is
determined. ENTERPRISES adopt the combination based on edd + scr RULES to
determine their TASK_ALLOCATION and set date of delivery for all orders,
then each workshop makes WORKSHOP_PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING according to
company'S_PRODUCTION plan. finally, CONDUCT_SIMULATION_ANALYSIS of the
case by using SWARM_SIMULATION_SOFTWARE_PLATFORM and then verify the
validity of PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING_MODEL put forward in this paper.  2015
ieee.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 404
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Du T., 2014, IFIP ADVANCES IN INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY,
V426, P378
Title: NASH_NEGOTIATION_METHOD of CONFLICT_RESOLUTION for MSC_PRODUCTION
MARKETING COORDINATION based on MULTI_AGENT
Abstract:
```
in the face of increasingly MARKET_COMPETITION and diversified DEMAND,
MANUFACTURERS and dealers of MANUFACTURING SUPPLY_CHAIN (msc) pay
GREAT_EFFORT to achieve PRODUCTION_MARKETING_COORDINATION. however, it
often GENERATES_CONFLICTS in the PROCESS of
PRODUCTION_MARKETING_COORDINATION. for this kind of CONFLICT_PROBLEM,
multi_agent TECHNOLOGY is introduced. ENTERPRISES of the SUPPLY_CHAIN are
represented by AGENTS. the CONFLICTS among AGENTS are resolved through
NASH_NEGOTIATION. a MODEL of NASH_NEGOTIATION based on AGENTS is
established. the CONFLICT_POINT of NEGOTIATION is determined by
STACKELBERG_DIFFERENTIAL_GAME. a MEMETIC_ALGORITHM is proposed to solve
the MODEL. finally, the validity of the ALGORITHM and the MODEL is
verified by NUMERICAL_EXPERIMENT.  ifip INTERNATIONAL_FEDERATION for
INFORMATION_PROCESSING 2014.
```

--

Record-No: 450
Citations: 1
Record-ID: Pantke F., 2014, PROCEDIA CIRP, V19, P180
Title: distributed KEY_FIGURE_OPTIMIZATION_APPROACHES for
GLOBAL_GOAL_COORDINATION in MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS for PRODUCTION_CONTROL
Abstract:
```
PERFORMANCE_MEASUREMENT by means of KEY_PERFORMANCE_INDICATORS (kpis) is
a WIDESPREAD_DEVICE for communicating qualitative and
QUANTITATIVE_BUSINESS_OBJECTIVES throughout an ORGANIZATION and
MONITORING their achievement. it seems desirable to also apply this
concept to dependably influencing the OPERATIONAL_BEHAVIOUR of
distributed AGENT controlled processes, which have progressively gained
in importance in PRODUCTION_LOGISTICS and CONTROL over RECENT_YEARS as
compared to centralized CONTROL_METHODS. however, PLANNING_AND_SCHEDULING
with NUMERIC_GOAL_SYSTEMS at present still poses a CHALLENGING_TASK
within the field of COMPUTATIONAL_INTELLIGENCE. in this paper, a
framework is presented that enables GLOBAL_COORDINATION of AGENTS in a
multi_agent SYSTEM through user_configurable numeric
KEY_PERFORMANCE_INDICATORS and associated objectives. a
PRACTICAL_APPROACH to DISTRIBUTED_CONTROL based on
PERIODICAL_MATHEMATICAL_OPTIMIZATION of the defined KPI_GOAL_SYSTEM is
described that focuses on how AUTOMATIC_KEY_FIGURE_AGGREGATION over
changing groups and hierarchies of AGENTS and other BUSINESS_OBJECTS can
be appropriately managed when PROACTIVE_MODIFICATION of these
ORGANIZATIONAL_STRUCTURES, e.g., AGENTS deliberately FORMING and
disbanding groups, is an INTEGRAL_PART of the CONTROL_PROBLEM. five
variants of this approach are compared in a CASE_STUDY with a simulated
SHOP_FLOOR where incoming MANUFACTURING ORDERS_NEED to be assigned to
DIFFERENT_MACHINE_TOOLS.  2014 published by elsevier b.v. this is an
OPEN_ACCESS_ARTICLE under the cc by_nc_nd license.
```

--

Record-No: 8
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Bu L., 2024, APPL ARTIF INTELL, V38
Title: LOGISTIC_RESOURCE_ALLOCATION based on MULTI_AGENT SUPPLY_CHAIN SCHEDULING
using meta HEURISTIC_OPTIMIZATION ALGORITHMS
Abstract:
```
LOGISTICS_RESOURCE_ALLOCATION depends on the PRECISE_SCHEDULING of
SUPPLY_CHAIN (SC) AGENTS. COORDINATION of MANAGEMENT across all sites,
products, and PRODUCTION_DIVISIONS is essential for EFFECTIVE_SCHEDULING.
for multi_agent systems in HETEROGENEOUS_SCS, it is crucial to have a
prior understanding of PRODUCTION, delivery, and connectivity. hence, an
innovative meta_heuristic OPTIMIZATION inspired by SPARROW_BEHAVIOR is
introduced as multi_agent_based SCHEDULING and RESOURCE_ALLOCATION
(ma_sra) to resolve DELIVERY_DELAYS and errors during delivery in
LOGISTIC_SC_MANAGEMENT. allocating RESOURCES efficiently and creating
WORKABLE_SCHEDULES in an SC with MULTIPLE_AGENTS are the primary
SIGNIFICANT_PROBLEMS focused on in this RESEARCH. the ma_sra ALGORITHM
provides an ACHIEVABLE_SOLUTION to the problem of optimizing
LOGISTICS_OPERATIONS by combining PRECISE_SCHEDULING with
PRODUCTION_BALANCE and multi_agent searchers. if the
SCHEDULING_OPERATIONS are inadequate, SPARSE_AGENTS are repurposed for
PRODUCTION based on fitness. this maintains balance and connectivity by
adjusting AGENT_RATIOS. delays are minimized, and connectivity is
maximized because no ADJUSTMENTS_NEED to be reversed. the
RESEARCH_FINDINGS show that the proposed
APPROACH_IMPROVES_OPERATIONAL_EFFICIENCY and brings
SIGNIFICANT_ADVANTAGES to the INDUSTRY in terms of enhanced allocation of
RESOURCES, connectivity, DELIVERY_EFFICIENCY, and fewer delays and
SCHEDULING_ERRORS.  2024 the author(s). published with license by taylor
& FRANCIS_GROUP, llc.
```

--

Record-No: 86
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Swain S., 2024, SN OPER RES FORUM, V5
Title: a distributed SOFTWARE_AGENT centric framework for SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS
empowered by BLOCKCHAIN: insights into SMART_CONTRACTS
Abstract:
```
the advent of BLOCKCHAIN_TECHNOLOGY (bct), along with the use of
SMART_CONTRACTS, has triggered a TRANSFORMATIVE_PHASE for
SUPPLY_CHAIN_NETWORKS (scns). in this work, we propose a distributed,
smart contract_based SUPPLY_CHAIN_MANAGEMENT (SCM) framework meticulously
designed to monitor and CONTROL_DISCRETE_OPERATIONAL_PHASES in
SUPPLY_CHAINS. further, a software agent_based approach has been adopted
for tracking SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS, from the initiation of a
PURCHASE_ORDER to ITS FINAL_DELIVERY. this RESEARCH_STRIVES to establish
a COMPREHENSIVE_FRAMEWORK for applying a multi_agent SYSTEM (MAS) infused
with bct. a number of AGENTS with specified roles have been deployed with
a well_defined INTERACTION_ARCHITECTURE to drive the
SUPPLY_CHAIN_OPERATIONS. the AGENTS engage in EFFECTIVE_COORDINATION and
MONITORING of SCN_ACTIVITIES. the overarching goal is to boost
SCN_PERFORMANCE in RELIABILITY, SCALABILITY, TRANSPARENCY, TRACEABILITY,
and RESILIENCE, mitigating deficiencies and enhancing OVERALL_EFFICIENCY.
the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENCE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG
2024.
```

--

Record-No: 191
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Wang Z., 2022, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13492 LNCS, P158
Title: COORDINATION of medical SUPPLY_CHAIN based on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEMS
Abstract:
```
improving the EFFICIENCY of the medical SUPPLY_CHAIN is the key of
MEDICAL_SYSTEM_REFORM in CHINA. by analyzing chinese medical
SUPPLY_CHAIN_EVOLUTION PROCESS in CHINA'S reform and opening_up, based on
the third LOGISTICS, this PAPER_BUILDS an integrated SUPPLY_CHAIN_MODEL
consisting of the RAW_MATERIALS_LOGISTICS and the DRUGS_LOGISTICS, and
the OVERALL_COORDINATION_MODEL above it. then the drugs SUPPLY
COORDINATION_STRATEGY and RAW_MATERIALS SUPPLY COORDINATION_STRATEGY have
been established successively to lower MEDICINE_DISTRIBUTION_LOGISTICS
COST and DRUGS_PRODUCTION_LOGISTICS COST. on the basis of this, in order
to further reduce the TOTAL_COSTS of the medical SUPPLY_CHAIN, the
OVERALL_COORDINATION_STRATEGY in the integrated SUPPLY_CHAIN is built.
finally, by multi_agent TECHNOLOGY, an ILLUSTRATIVE_EXAMPLE is given to
verify the COORDINATION_STRATEGY and method.  2022, the author(s), under
EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Improve and make more clear the explanation of the relationships among
the keywords:

OPTIMIZATION; SCHEDULING; COMPETITION; PRODUCTION_CONTROL; COORDINATION;
GENETIC_ALGORITHM; INTEGER_PROGRAMMING; PRODUCTION_SCHEDULING;
TRANSPORTATION; MATHEMATICAL_MODELS

in the next paragraphs delimited by '<<<' and '>>>', using only the
information provided in the records presented below. Add cites to the
added text using the corresponding Record-No value between brackets.

Here are the text to improve and make more clear:

<<<

>>>

Here are the records:

--

Record-No: 121
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Granados-Rivera D., 2021, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V987, P343
Title: a MULTI_AGENT OPTIMIZATION approach to determine FARMERS_MARKET_LOCATIONS
in BOGOTA_CITY, colombia
Abstract:
```
this paper describes the implementation of a mixed OPTIMIZATION_METHOD in
multi_agent SYSTEM approach, that DETERMINES_FARMERS_MARKET (fm)
locations. occasionally, the OPTIMIZATION_MODELS that locate facilities
do not consider the INTERACTIONS on MEDIUM_TERM between AGENTS in the
MARKET. for this reason, the mixed METHOD_CONSIDERS the CONSUMER_PATTERNS
of buying fruits and vegetables (f&v) in a CERTAIN_PROBABILITY for each
household from each seller. this PROBABILITY was calibrated using a
multi_agent SIMULATION to evaluate the INITIAL_SOLUTION given by the
MATHEMATICAL_MODEL. fm'S LOCATION is a RELEVANT_TOPIC due to the fact
that this type of MARKET is a GOOD_STRATEGY to ADDRESS_FOOD_INSECURITY in
areas with a LOW_DENSITY of food SUPPLY. the MODEL was implemented in an
area of study in the CITY of bogota, colombia. the results showed a
SATISFACTORY_IDENTIFICATION of sites with a limited number of SUPPLY
channels. in these areas, the MODEL located fm and thus increased
FOOD_ACCESS.  2021, the author(s), under EXCLUSIVE_LICENSE to
SPRINGER_NATURE_SWITZERLAND_AG.
```

--

Record-No: 260
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Li Z./2, 2019, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P76
Title: RESEARCH on DECISION_MAKING SCHEDULING_MODEL of distributed MULTI_AGENT
COLLABORATIVE group in SUPPLY_CHAIN based on MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM
Abstract:
```
this PAPER_STUDIES the distributed multi_agent COLLABORATION mode of
multi_agent SYSTEM in the SUPPLY_CHAIN and the multi_task matching
AGENT_SCHEDULING_STRATEGY. the SUPPLY_CHAIN is a typical multi_agent
distributed DECISION_SYSTEM , multi_agent SYSTEM solves complex
multi_objective OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEMS. this PAPER_ESTABLISHES a
distributed DECISION_MODEL of SUPPLY_CHAIN based on multi_agent SYSTEM,
and considers that a single ALGORITHM is difficult to solve
COMPLEX_OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEMS. we introduce a GLOBAL_COORDINATION_AGENT,
which is responsible for global MONITORING of all PRINCIPAL_AGENTS and
their running status in MAS. diagnosing and PROCESSING the allocation of
TASK_RESOURCES, introducing EDF_ALGORITHM and RMS_ALGORITHM into the
STRATEGY. the combination of the two ALGORITHMS makes the EFFICIENCY of
the BACKGROUND_MANAGEMENT_PLATFORM of the SYSTEM relatively improved and
optimized, and the SUPPLY_CHAIN as a WHOLE_TENDS to be optimal. this
PAPER_ANALYZES and describes the distributed DECISION_MODEL of
SUPPLY_CHAIN based on multi_agent SYSTEM based on multi_agent SYSTEM and
BLACKBOARD_MODEL. the distributed multi_task decision_making
SCHEDULING_MODEL in SUPPLY_CHAIN is given. finally, the MODEL is analyzed
and evaluated.  2019 association for computing MACHINERY.
```

--

Record-No: 325
Citations: 0
Record-ID: Padilla N.M., 2017, CEUR WORKSHOP PROC, V1987, P443
Title: a PARTICLE_SWARM_OPTIMIZATION_ALGORITHM implemented on MULTIAGENT_SYSTEMS
applied to a SUGAR_CANE_DISTRIBUTION_PROBLEM
Abstract:
```
SUGAR_CANE_DISTRIBUTION_OPTIMIZATION_PROBLEM is a CRITICAL_PROBLEM in
tucuman, argentina, with geographical, environmental and
ECONOMIC_CHARACTERISTICS that makes it different from
SIMILAR_TRANSPORTATION or SUPPLY_CHAIN_PROBLEMS. motivated by this
problem, we introduce in this paper a NEW_HEURISTIC_ALGORITHM to solve
it. the problem is represented as a non_linear variant of the generalized
ASSIGNMENT_PROBLEM, and the ALGORITHM introduced is a
BINARY_PARTICLE_SWARM_OPTIMIZATION implemented on a MULTIAGENT_SYSTEM,
written in SARL_LANGUAGE. the NEW_ALGORITHM was tested on a previously
developed BENCHMARK_SUITE, and it can efficiently solve the problem,
finding the OPTIMAL_SOLUTION for all TEST_INSTANCES of DIFFERENT_TYPES.
copyright by the paper'S authors.
```

--

Record-No: 445
Citations: 0
Record-ID: He Z., 2014, INF CONTROL, V43, P344
Title: MODEL of PRODUCT_SERVITIZATION SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION based on
MULTI_AGENT_SYSTEM for SEMANTIC_WEB_SERVICES
Abstract:
```
in order to improve PRODUCT_SERVITIZATION SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES and
the OVERALL_COMPETITIVENESS of the SUPPLY_CHAIN, the PROCESS of
PRODUCT_SERVITIZATION SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION is analyzed. the
DIFFERENT_ROLES in the COLLABORATIVE_PROCESS are encapsulated by means of
a multi_agent SYSTEM. the WEB_SERVICES in the COLLABORATIVE_PROCESS are
semantically marked using owl_s, and a MODEL of the PRODUCT_SERVITIZATION
SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION is established. finally, a SPECIFIC_CASE is
used to illustrate the application of the MODEL. the MODEL can not only
achieve the AUTOMATIC_SEARCH, call, combination and MONITORING of
WEB_SERVICES in PRODUCT_SERVITIZATION SUPPLY_CHAIN_COLLABORATION, but
also can lay the foundation for INFORMATION_SHARING and
BUSINESS_COLLABORATION among SUPPLY_CHAIN_ENTERPRISES.
```


